Hauterives (French pronunciation: ​[otʁiv]) is a commune in the Drôme department in southeastern France. It is home to Ferdinand Cheval's self-made Palais idéal.Chloé Graftiaux (18 July 1987 in Brussels, Belgium – 21 August 2010 in Courmayeur, Italy) was a Belgian sport climber and alpinist who fell to her death on the 3,773-metre (12,379 ft) Aiguille Noire de Peuterey in the Mont Blanc massif, aged 23.

In the 2010 season of the IFSC Bouldering World Cup, she won Gold at the World Cup events in Vail, and Sheffield, and finished third in the overall 2010 standings. Graftiaux was also a multiple lead climbing champion, and had redpointed to 8b (5.13d), and boulder climbed to 7C (V9).  Graftiux was a strong alpinist, climbing to mixed grade M11 and ice climbing to grade grade WI6, and the French Alpine Club selected her for the 2008-2009 Groupe Excellence Alpinisme.  In January 2010, she won the Ice Master-Worldcup ice climbing competition in Valle di Daone in Italy.On 21 August 2010, she climbed the Aiguille Noire de Peuterey with her climbing partner, Nicolas. While descending the south face of the mountain a boulder came loose. She was not roped up and she fell to her death.  In 2011, a non-profit foundation, "Chloé Graftiaux Passion Together", was created to give scholarships to young climbers. In June 2020, Belgian rock climber Anak Verhoeven established Belgium's hardest sport climb and first-ever 8c+/9a route and named it Kraftio in her memory.Menlo Park is a city at the eastern edge of San Mateo County within the San Francisco Bay Area of California in the United States. It is bordered by San Francisco Bay on the north and east; East Palo Alto, Palo Alto, and Stanford to the south; and Atherton, North Fair Oaks, and Redwood City to the west. It is one of the most educated cities in  California and the United States; nearly 70% of residents over 25 have earned a bachelor's degree or higher. It had 33,780 residents at the 2020 United States Census. It is home to the corporate headquarters of Meta, and is where Google, Roblox Corporation and Round Table Pizza were founded.  Its train station holds the record as the oldest continually operating train station in California.The 1999 Metro Atlantic Athletic Conference baseball tournament took place from May 21 through 23, 1999. The top two regular season finishers of the league's two divisions met in the double-elimination tournament held at Dutchess Stadium in Wappingers Falls, New York. Siena won their fourth tournament championship and earned the conference's automatic bid to the 1999 NCAA Division I baseball tournament.Azadabad (Persian: ازاداباد, also Romanized as Azādābād) is a village in Qeshlaq-e Jonubi Rural District, Qeshlaq Dasht District, Bileh Savar County, Ardabil Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 109, in 17 families.

The Doñana Disaster, also known as the Aznalcollar Disaster or Guadiamar Disaster (Sp: Desastre de Aznalcóllar, Desastre del Guadiamar), was an industrial accident in Andalusia, southern Spain. On 25 April 1998, a holding dam burst at the Los Frailes mine, near Aznalcóllar, Seville Province, releasing 4–5 million cubic metres of mine tailings. The acidic tailings, which contained dangerous levels of several heavy metals, quickly reached the nearby River Agrio, and then its affluent the River Guadiamar, travelling about 40 kilometres along these waterways before they could be stopped. The Guadiamar is the main water source for the Doñana National Park, a UNESCO World Heritage Site and one of the largest national parks in Europe. The cleanup operation took three years, at an estimated cost of €240 million.The Los Frailes mine is owned by Boliden-Apirsa (formerly Andaluza de Piritas, S.A.), the Spanish subsidiary of Boliden, and produces about 125,000 tonnes of zinc and 2.9 million ounces (about 3,500 metric tonnes) of silver per year.Samuel Guy Endore (July 4, 1901 – February 12, 1970), born Samuel Goldstein and also known as Harry Relis, was an American novelist and screenwriter. During his career he produced a wide array of novels, screenplays, and pamphlets, both published and unpublished. A cult favorite of fans of horror, he is best known for his novel The Werewolf of Paris (1933), which occupies a significant position in werewolf literature, much in the same way that Dracula (1897) does for vampire literature. Endore is also known for his left-wing novel of the Haitian Revolution, Babouk: The Story of A Slave. He was nominated for a screenwriting Oscar for The Story of G.I. Joe (1945), and his novel Methinks the Lady . . . (1946) was the basis for Ben Hecht's screenplay for Whirlpool (1949).Monmouth Township is located in Warren County, Illinois, United States. As of the 2010 census, its population was 10,463 and it contained 4,237 housing units.The township's name commemorates the Battle of Monmouth.The Japanese saw or nokogiri (鋸) is a type of saw used in woodworking and Japanese carpentry that cuts on the pull stroke, unlike most European saws that cut on the push stroke. Japanese saws are the best known pull saws, but they are also used in China, Iran, Iraq, Korea, Nepal and Turkey. Among European saws, both coping saws for woodworking and jeweler's saws for metal working also cut on the pull stroke like Japanese saws. Cutting on the pull stroke is claimed to cut more efficiently and leave a narrower cut width (kerf). On the other hand, a pull stroke does not easily permit putting one's body weight behind a stroke. This can be readily solved by using a vice or clamping. Another disadvantage, due to the arrangement and form of the teeth, is that Japanese saws do not work as well on hardwoods as European saws do. Japanese saws were originally intended for comparatively soft woods like cypress and pine whereas European saws were intended for hard woods like oak and maple.
The popularity of Japanese saws in other regions of the world has resulted in the manufacture and production of a number of Japanese saws outside of Japan.Archippus (; Ancient Greek: Ἄρχιππος, "master of the horse") was an early Christian believer mentioned briefly in the New Testament epistles of Philemon and Colossians.Waldenburg is a town in the district Zwickau in Saxony, Germany. The castle was owned by the House of Schönburg from 1378 until 1945. The pottery town of Waldenburg lies in the valley of the Zwickauer Mulde. The environment is characterized by forest areas, river meadows and the hilly landscape of the Erzgebirge foothills.
Waldenburg was founded around 1254 and first documented in 1336 as the town of "Waldinberg". The German settlement of the area that later became Waldenburg began with the founding of the monastery in Remse in 1143. The construction of Waldenburg Castle took place between 1165 and 1172.  It was built as a security post on the salt trade route at the Mulden crossing.
The streets, buildings and remains of the town wall in the upper town still show Walsenburg's roots in the Middle Ages. A look into the multi-story cellar systems of the upper town reveal even more evidence of this.
Walsenburg's pottery tradition has been strong for 700 years. Friedrich XI of Schönburg-Waldenburg awarded the Waldenburg potters their first letter of guild in 1388. Salt-glazed Waldenburg stoneware became very famous throughout Europe in the late Middle Ages.
Neighborhood municipalities are Callenberg, the city of  Glauchau and Limbach-Oberfrohna, Oberwiera and Remse as well as Göpfersdorf, Jückelberg and Ziegelheim.Marques Keith Brownlee ( mar-KEZ BROWN-lee; born December 3, 1993), also known professionally as MKBHD, is an American YouTuber and professional ultimate Frisbee player, best known for his technology-focused videos as well as his podcast Waveform. As of February 2023, he has over 16 million subscribers and over 3 billion total video views. Vic Gundotra, a former senior vice president of Google, called Brownlee "the best technology reviewer on the planet right now". The former name of his YouTube channel is a concatenation of MKB (Brownlee's initials) and HD (for high definition). With New York PoNY, he is the 2022 WFDF World Champion in the Open Category for ultimate Frisbee.James B. Harris (born August 3, 1928) is an American film screenwriter, producer, and director. Born in New York City, he attended the Juilliard School before entering the film industry. He worked with film director Stanley Kubrick as a producer on The Killing (1956), Paths of Glory (1957), and Lolita (1962). Harris' directorial debut was the Cold War thriller The Bedford Incident (1965). He also directed the actor James Woods in two films: the prison-guard drama Fast-Walking (1982) with actress Kay Lenz, and the thriller Cop (1988), based on a James Ellroy novel, which Woods co-produced. Harris also directed the 1993 thriller Boiling Point.The Turner Classic Movies website describes Harris as a "veteran Hollywood industry figure who has served triple duty as a producer, director, and screenwriter". A 2002 interview between Harris and Hollywood Five-O includes discussion of his works as well as of Kubrick, Marlon Brando, Laurence Olivier, Lolita, and various other topics. It includes photos of Harris and screencaps of Kirk Douglas, Sue Lyon (who portrayed Lolita), James Mason, and Peter Sellers. His brother was the composer J. Robert Harris.Sandy Island Marine Provincial Park, formerly Sandy Island Provincial Park and also known as Tree Island Park, is a 30 hectare provincial park in British Columbia, Canada, located off the north end of Denman Island, on the west side of the Strait of Georgia to the south of Comox. The park comprises Sandy Island (locally known as Tree Island) and the Seal Islets. It is accessible by boat and, at low tide, by foot across tidal flats from Longbeak Point on Denman Island.
In 2012 the park's name was officially changed to Jáji7em and Kw'uhl Marine Park (a.k.a. Sandy Island Marine Park), reflecting the K'omoks names for the islands. Jáji7em ("having trees") refers to Sandy Island, while Kw'uhl (unknown meaning) refers to either the Seal Islets or just Seal Island (a.k.a. Shack Island), the largest of the islets.Margaret Pierce, M.D., F.A.C.S. is a fictional character from the American television medical drama Grey's Anatomy, which airs on the American Broadcasting Company (ABC) in the United States. The character was created by series producer Shonda Rhimes and is portrayed by actress Kelly McCreary from the tenth season's penultimate episode onwards. It is revealed in the season ten finale, Maggie's biological parents are Richard Webber (James Pickens Jr.) and Ellis Grey (Kate Burton), making her Meredith's half-sister. McCreary was upgraded to a series regular in the eleventh episode of the eleventh season.
Pierce has been described as "perky" and "chatty", as well as focusing mostly on her academic career rather than social life. She graduated from medical school at 19 and became the head of her department at the young age of 27 years old.University of Ladakh (UOL) or Ladakh University, is a public  university located in Indian Union territory of Ladakh.  It was established on 16 December 2018 by The University of Ladakh Act, 2018 (Governor Act No. LVI of 2018) of Government of Jammu and Kashmir. It is a cluster university comprising degree colleges of Leh, Kargil, Nubra Valley, Zanskar, Dras and Khalatse.Blue Microphones (legally Baltic Latvian Universal Electronics, LLC) is an American audio production company owned by Logitech that designs and produces microphones, headphones, recording tools, signal processors, and music accessories for audio professionals, musicians and consumers.

The discography of New Zealand indie rock band Evermore, consists of four studio albums, two compilation albums, six extended plays, sixteen singles, one video album and twenty three music videos.Elis Holmer (1 December 1893 – 29 February 1968) was a Swedish diver. He competed in the men's plain high diving event at the 1912 Summer Olympics.Carlota Lozano (born September 7, 1945 in Colón, Panama) is a Panamanian trainer and former beauty queen.The Roman Catholic Diocese of Litomyšl (Czech; Leitomischl in German) was a medieval Latin Catholic bishopric in Litomyšl, Bohemia (then Holy Roman Empire, now Czech Republic) and remains a Latin Catholic titular see.Dorothy Bruchholz Goodman (born 1926)  is an American educator closely associated with the charter school movement. She was educated at Bryn Mawr College and received her Ph.D. from the University of London. She founded and served as Director of the Washington International School; launching the school with three 4-year-olds in the basement of her home in 1966 and served as headmistress until 1985, when the school enrolled 530 students, ranging in age from 3 to 18, representing 80 nations.Goodman was a founder of the International Baccalaureate: North America, and has been credited for the success of that program. She has served as Chairwoman of Friends of International Education (FIE) and president of Committee for Public Autonomous Schools (COMPASS), an organization that supports the founding of public charter schools. She advocates the teaching of Chinese and Russian to American students, saying she was inspired in this by Lee Kuan Yew, long-time prime minister of Singapore. She has also been a trustee of the UWC-USA, and a visible and vocal spokesperson for educational causes globally.Interstate 840 can refer to either of two highways in the United States:

Interstate 840 (North Carolina), the northern half of the Greensboro Urban Loop around Greensboro, North Carolina
Interstate 840 (Tennessee), the outer bypass of Nashville, TennesseeMajor-General Sir Edward Maxwell Perceval  (13 August 1861 – 26 November 1955) was a British Army officer.Tatsuya Onodera (小野寺 達也, Onodera Tatsuya, born August 4, 1987 in Kanagawa) is a Japanese football player. He currently plays for Giravanz Kitakyushu.Edward Dando (c.1803 – 28 August 1832) was a thief who came to public notice in Britain because of his unusual habit of overeating at food stalls and inns, and then revealing that he had no money to pay. Although the fare he consumed was varied, he was particularly fond of oysters, once having eaten 25 dozen (300) of them with a loaf and a half of bread with butter.
Dando began his thefts in about 1826 and was arrested at least as early as 1828. He would often leave a house of correction and go on an eating spree the same day, being arrested straight away and appearing in court within a few days, only to be put back in prison. On at least one occasion he was placed in solitary confinement after he stole the rations of his fellow prisoners. Most of his activity was in London, although he also spent time in Kent, much of it in the county's prisons. While in Coldbath Fields Prison in August 1832, Dando caught cholera—part of an ongoing pandemic—and died.
His death, like his many exploits, was widely and sympathetically reported in both the London daily press and in local newspapers. His name entered into the public argot as a term for someone who eats excessively and does not pay. He was the subject of numerous poems and ballads. In 1837 William Makepeace Thackeray wrote a short story loosely based on Dando; this was also made into a play by Edward Stirling. Charles Dickens wrote about Dando and compared him to Alexander the Great.The 1927 All-Pacific Coast football team consists of American football players chosen by various organizations for All-Pacific Coast teams for the 1927 college football season. The organizations selecting teams in 1934 included the Associated Press (AP) and the United Press (UP).Alma Gould Dale (October 27, 1854 – August 29, 1930), "a legendary figure in Canada history," founded the first monthly Quaker meeting in western Canada, at Hartney, Manitoba, in 1899.  She represents the Quaker presence in Canada on one of the seventy-five panels in the Quaker Tapestry at Friends' House, in London, where she is credited with a major role in the growth of Quakerism in Canada from 1800 on. On the tapestry, she is depicted driving a palomino team to a Quaker settlement in western Canada, which she drove in all weather. She was well known as a dynamic speaker and was invited to speak in Canada, England, and New Zealand.The women's +78 kg judo event at the 2019 European Games in Minsk was held on 24 June at the Čyžoŭka-Arena.WMSV FM 91.1 is a radio station in Starkville, Mississippi located on the campus of Mississippi State University.phpDocumentor is an open-source documentation generator written in PHP. It automatically parses PHP source code and produces readable API and source code documentation, based on PHPDoc-formatted comments and the structure of the source code itself.  It supports documentation of both object-oriented and procedural code. phpDocumentor runs at the command line to create documentation in HTML format.  It has support for linking between documentation, incorporating user level documents like tutorials, and creation of highlighted source code with cross referencing to PHP general documentation. 
phpDocumentor 1.x could parse PHP syntax of PHP 4 up to PHP 5.2.In March 2012, the DocBlox project merged with the 1.x branch of phpDocumentor, resulting in the new major version release of phpDocumentor 2. The first alpha was released on March 16, 2012. phpDocumentor 2.x supported syntax for PHP 5.3 up to 7.0.The 3.0 major version release occurred on October 27, 2020.  This brought PHP syntax readability up to 7.4.Chung Tai Shan (Chinese: 中台山; pinyin: Zhōng tái shān; Pe̍h-ōe-jī: Tiong-tai-san) is a Taiwan-based international Chan Buddhist monastic order founded by the Ven. Wei Chueh in 1987. The monastery headquarters, Chung Tai Chan Monastery (or Chung Tai Chan Buddhist Temple, 中台禪寺), completed in September 2001, is located in Puli, Nantou County, in central Taiwan. It is the tallest and one of the largest monasteries in both Taiwan and the world, having a height of 136 metres (446 ft). Widely admired as an architectural masterpiece because of the mountain monastery's more modern look, the temple is second only to Fo Guang Shan's monastery in physical size and in the number of ordained disciples.
The temple follows traditional Chinese Chan teaching, emphasizing sudden enlightenment and gradual cultivation.

Richard Seaward Cantrell (1825 – 11 August 1872) was a 19th-century Member of Parliament from Dunedin, New Zealand.
Cantrell was born in England in 1825. He arrived in Dunedin in 1858 and took over the Commercial Hotel in December of that year.Cantrell was one of four candidates in the 1866 election in the Caversham electorate, coming second but being decisively beaten by Arthur John Burns. Burns resigned after four years but Cantrell did not stand in the resulting 1870 Caversham by-election. The by-election was won by James McIndoe and at the 1871 election, Cantrell defeated McIndoe. On 27 March 1871, Cantrell was one of five candidates for the Otago Provincial Council, also for the Caversham electorate. He comfortably won this election.Cantrell represented the (parliamentary) Caversham electorate until 1872, when he resigned due to ill health. He sent his resignation from Dunedin by mail on 1 August and while the resignation was read out by the speaker on 6 August, it took effect on 31 July (i.e. the day prior to sending it; presumably the date shown on the letter). He had also resigned from the provincial council, but as the council was out of session (the 30th session had finished on 31 May), the resignation could not be processed and his representation ended with his death.At the provincial council, three candidates contested the resulting by-election on 15 August: Robert Stout (149 votes), Henry Fish (110 votes), and Richard Henry Leary (90 votes), with Stout thus elected. Cantrell's parliamentary resignation caused the 1872 Caversham by-election, which was held on 28 August and won by William Tolmie. Cantrell did not live to see either by-election; he  died on 11 August aged 47 years. As captain of a volunteer unit (South District Rifles), he received a military funeral. He was survived by a family of six sons and two daughters.Long Tuma is a settlement in the Lawas division of Sarawak, Malaysia. It lies approximately 667.1 kilometres (415 mi) east-north-east of the state capital Kuching. 
Neighbouring settlements include:

Long Sabuloh 3.7 kilometres (2.3 mi) south
Kampung Gaya 3.7 kilometres (2.3 mi) north
Kampung Belu 5.6 kilometres (3.5 mi) south
Lawas 5.6 kilometres (3.5 mi) north
Kampung Pangaleh 5.8 kilometres (3.6 mi) east
Kampung Lawas 5.9 kilometres (3.7 mi) north
Kampung Sitakong 5.9 kilometres (3.7 mi) north
Kampung Surabaya 8.3 kilometres (5.2 mi) northeast
Kampung Sulai 10.8 kilometres (6.7 mi) northwest
Kampung Melipat 11.1 kilometres (6.9 mi) northJannie L. Blackwell is the Vice Chair of the Philadelphia Democratic Party and a former member of the Philadelphia City Council. She represented the Third District, which covers much of West Philadelphia and Southwest Philadelphia, including University City, from 1992 to 2020.François Henri Eugène Daugier (or François-Henri-Eugène d'Augier) (12 September 1764, Courthezon - 12 April 1834, Paris) was a French naval officer and politician.Matthew Astor Wilks (March 3, 1844 – July 9, 1926) was an American clubman who was prominent in New York society during the Gilded Age.Magic Flute Diaries is a film loosely inspired by Mozart's classic opera, The Magic Flute. The film was released in 2008 by Sullivan Entertainment. Magic Flute Diaries won the award for Best Family Film in the 2008 Staten Island Film Festival.Ladislav Švarc (born 13 November 1978) is a former professional tennis player from Slovakia.Švarc competed in the main singles draw of the 2001 Australian Open, as a qualifier. He lost a four set match to Rainer Schüttler in the opening round.In 2000, Švarc made his Davis Cup debut for Slovakia, when he played with fifth and deciding rubber of their World Group fixture against Austria, which he lost to Markus Hipfl. His only other Davis Cup appearance came in 2002 when he lost to American James Blake, after winning the first set.The 2020–21 Mississippi State Bulldogs men's basketball team represented Mississippi State University during the 2020–21 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. The team was led by sixth-year head coach Ben Howland, and played their home games at Humphrey Coliseum in Starkville, Mississippi as a member of the Southeastern Conference. In a season limited due to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, they finished the season 18–15, 8–10 in SEC play to finish in ninth place. They defeated Kentucky in the second round of the SEC tournament before losing to Alabama in the quarterfinals. They received an invitation to the National Invitation Tournament as the fourth seed in the Saint Louis bracket. There they defeated Saint Louis, Richmond, and Louisiana Tech to advance the championship game where they lost to Memphis.Eirmocephala is a genus of Latin American plants in the tribe Vernonieae within the family Asteraceae.
SpeciesEirmocephala brachiata (Benth. ex Oerst.) H.Rob. - Costa Rica, Panamá, Colombia, Venezuela, Ecuador, Peru
Eirmocephala cainarachiensis (Hieron.) H.Rob. - Ecuador, Peru
Eirmocephala megaphylla (Hieron.) H.Rob. - Bolivia, PeruForest City is an integrated residential development and private town located in Iskandar Puteri, Johor, Malaysia on a land 1,370 hectares wide. First announced in 2006 as a twenty-year project, the project was pitched under China's Belt and Road Initiative.It was officiated by then-Prime Minister of Malaysia Najib Razak in 2016, with the approval of the Sultan of Johor, Sultan Ibrahim Ismail. Forest City is a joint venture between Esplanade Danga 88, an affiliate of state government subsidiary Kumpulan Prasarana Rakyat Johor (KPRJ), through a joint venture, Country Garden Holding Ltd (CGPV), with CGPV holding 60 percent of shares, while KPRJ holds the other 40 percent. Forest City is under the management of the Iskandar Puteri City Council and the Iskandar Regional Development Authority.
The development of Forest City is contentious. The project was largely not targeted at local Malaysians but rather at upper-middle-class citizens from China who were looking to park their wealth abroad, by offering relatively affordable seafront properties compared to expensive coastal cities within their country such as Shanghai. However, initial strong sales from China collapsed after its leader Xi Jinping implemented currency controls, including a $50,000 annual cap on how much buyers could spend outside the country. Such lackluster sales were exacerbated by the 2020–2022 Malaysian political crisis and the COVID-19 pandemic, with the project now being described as a "ghost town". The project, which is located on reclaimed land, has also been criticised for causing large amounts of habitat destruction in the vicinity.

The CPR Vaughan Intermodal facility is an intermodal rail-truck terminal serving the Greater Toronto Area from a property adjacent to the Canadian Pacific Railway transcontinental main line on the Mactier Subdivision in the community of Coleraine, Ontario in the City of Vaughan, Ontario.
Operated by CP Rail Intermodal Freight Systems, the facility opened in 1991 on 770 acres (3.1 km2) along Peel Regional Road 50 between Rutherford Road and Major Mackenzie Drive.  It underwent expansion in 2001 and handles 700,000 twenty-foot equivalent units (TEU) of cargo annually using four electric gantry cranes; it initially handled only 110,000 TEU annually.Tenants on the site include:

Fastfrate - relocated from CPR West Toronto Yard
SearsThe European People's Party of Moldova (Romanian: Partidul Popular European din Moldova, PPEM) is a centre-right political party in Moldova. The party is led by Iurie Leancă, who was Prime Minister of Moldova from 2013 to 2015. For the duration of this premiership, Leancă was a member of the Liberal Democratic Party of Moldova (PLDM).National Tertiary Route 619, or just Route 619 (Spanish: Ruta Nacional Terciaria 619, or Ruta 619) is a National Road Route of Costa Rica, located in the Guanacaste, Puntarenas provinces.Senator Kimball may refer tp:

Alanson M. Kimball (1827–1913), Wisconsin State Senate
Art Kimball (1941–2014), Utah State Senate
Bill Kimball (1908–1962), Arizona State Senate
Clem F. Kimball (1868–1928), Iowa State Senate
John Kimball (politician, born 1821) (1821–1913), New Hampshire State Senate
John Kimball (politician, born 1796) (1796–1884), Vermont State SenateVeeraswamy Ravichandran (born 30 May 1961) is an Indian actor, director, producer, music director, lyricist and editor in the Kannada Film Industry. He is the son of film producer N. Veeraswamy. As producer, Ravichandran continues to run his father's production house, Sri Eswari Productions. He is popularly known as "Crazy Star", a title fans have prefixed to his name.Life in the Raw is a 1933 American pre-Code Western film, based on Zane Grey's short story "From Missouri", directed by Louis King and written by Stuart Anthony. It was Claire Trevor's film debut.Anatoly Nazarenko (born 19 December 1948 in Alma-Ata) is a Kazakhstani former wrestler who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics.A Moment is the second album of R&B singer Lalah Hathaway. The album's first single was "Let Me Love You," produced by Brian Alexander Morgan of SWV fame. A video was also shot for the single. The follow-up single was "Separate Ways," released as a double-A side single with "Family Affair." The Martyn Ware-produced "Family Affair" was actually released in 1991 and billed as "BEF featuring Lalah Hathaway".The CD format of the album is now rare and out-of-print, but is available as a digital download in the iTunes Store.Songnisan National Park (Korean: 속리산국립공원, 俗離山國立公園, sometimes spelled "Sokrisan") is located in the center of the Sobaek Mountains range, on the border between the provinces of Chungcheongbuk-do and Gyeongsangbuk-do, South Korea. The area comprises the valleys of Hwayang, Seonyu, and Ssanggok and the 1,058-metre (3,471 ft) mountain Songnisan, which has given the park its name. It was designated as the country's sixth national park in 1970. The park's most popular attraction is one of Korea's largest temples, the Buddhist temple Beopjusa, initially constructed in 653.
Songnisan (the Korean letters spell out "Sokrisan" but the name is actually pronounced "Songnisan") became a national park in 1970. It is the sixth-largest of Korea’s mountain parks with an area of 275 km2. The name means “Remote from the Ordinary World”—a reference to its somewhat isolated position in the very center of South Korea. The mountains belong to the southern arm of the greater Sobaek Range, and the park lies on the border between North Chungcheong and North Gyeongsong Provinces.
In 1999, someone decided to cash in on the name of a famous set of mountains in Europe by dubbing the ridge that connects Gubyeongsan, Songnisan, Gwaneumbong and Sanhakbong the Chungbuk Alps. The name is a little misleading, as the highest mountain here is only a humble 1,058 meters. On the English brochure available at the tourist center in the Songni-dong Bus Terminal building, it states: “A hiking path was opened and transformed into a commercial product.” This perhaps says something about how Koreans view their mountains and is a hint that hiking here might not always be peaceful and relaxing. The park gets about 1.5 million visitors a year.
Songnisan is very scenic. On wet days clouds often catch in the valleys between the mountains, creating a dramatic layered effect. In the spring, the area is known for the brilliant pink azaleas that bloom on the mountainsides. The mountains have a craggy look, with many interesting granite outcroppings and cliffs.
Songnisan National Park was designated as the sixth national park in Korea in 1970 and was called “Second Geumgang” or “Sogeumgang (Small Geumgang)” because of its spectacular beauty.
This rocky mountain is located across many areas in Chungbuk and Gyeongbuk provinces and spans across a total area of 274.541 km2. The main peaks Cheonwangbong, Birobong, and Munjangdae are connected along the baekdudaegan mountain ranges (Backbone of Korea) with well developed stone peaks and ridges.
Songnisan is connected to other adjacent mountains, and based around Cheonwangbong (1,058 m) in the south, eight peaks are stretched out like a bow including Birobong, Munjangdae, and Gwaneumbong.
Songnisan has natural treasures such as the Jeongipumsong (a pine tree that, in Korean legend, was awarded the rank of minister by King Sejo), otter, flying squirrel, and mandarin duck. In addition, there are many bird species that are designated for the purpose of protection by the Ministry of Environment as well as endangered animals such as the small-eared cat and marten. Moreover, a variety of native fish species live in the streams flowing into Geumgang, Nakdonggang, and Hangang.Tea thoracica is a species of spider-hunting wasp belonging to the family Pompilidae.This species can be found in Spain and Italy.Bagas is a commune in the Gironde department in southwestern France.Harlow Phelps Rothert (April 1, 1908 – August 13, 1997) was an American athlete who competed mainly in the shot put.
Rothert attended Stanford University, where he competed in basketball, football, and track and field. He was named first-team All-Pacific Coast Conference in basketball in 1929. He won the NCAA shot put title three times, and set a world record for the event in 1930. Rothert competed in the shot put at the 1928 and 1932 Summer Olympics. He won a silver medal in the 1932 games, held in Los Angeles, and placed seventh in 1928.Rothert earned his bachelor's degree in 1930 and law degree in 1937, both from Stanford. He was a trial lawyer who specialized in civil law. He founded a law firm in San Francisco, and taught at Stanford Law School and Hastings College of Law. During World War II, he spent two years in the Marine Corps.In 1996, he was part of the Olympic Torch Relay. Around that time he had an acute inflammation in his legs and had to practice every day to cover the targeted 2 km distance using a specially designed walker. He died in 1997, aged 89.Scott Griffin is a Canadian businessman and philanthropist.
Scott Griffin may also refer to:

Scott Griffin (musician), bassist in L.A. Guns
Scott Griffin (In Plain Sight character), television show character
Scott Tracy Griffin, American writer, actor and expert on author Edgar Rice BurroughsThe Via Traiana Nova or Via Nova Traiana (Latin for 'Trajan's New Road'), previously known as the Via Regia or King's Highway, was an ancient Roman road built by Emperor Trajan in the province of Arabia Petraea, from Aqaba on the Red Sea to Bostra. It was specifically known as the Via Traiana Nova in order to distinguish it from the Via Traiana in Italy.  It is occasionally also referred to simply as the 'Via Nova' or 'Via Nova Traiana' Its construction started shortly after the annexation of Arabia, supervised by governor Gaius Claudius Severus, and was completed under Hadrian.The Texas Medieval Association (also known as TEMA) is an organization for medieval studies in Texas.
Since 1986, it has served medievalists not only throughout the state of Texas, but also nationally and internationally through its conferences and publications. 
A regional affiliate of the Medieval Academy of America, the Association holds an annual conference each fall somewhere in the state of Texas. 
TEMA also sponsors sessions each May at the annual International Congress on Medieval Studies in Kalamazoo, Michigan, as well as each July at the International Medieval Conference in Leeds, England.

Nanjing Tech station (Chinese: 南京工业大学站), is a station of Line 10 of the Nanjing Metro. It started operations on 1 July 2014.Myrmecomelix is a genus of South American dwarf spiders that was first described by Norman I. Platnick in 1993.Mount Loolmalasin or Loolmalassin (Mlima Lolmalasin, in Swahili) is a mountain located in the Ngorongoro District of the Arusha Region, Tanzania. It has a peak elevation of 3,682 metres (12,080 ft) above sea level. It is, after Mount Kilimanjaro and Mount Meru, the third-highest mountain in Tanzania if Kilimanjaro's three peaks are considered to be one mountain. The Mountain is located entirely within Nainokanoka ward. The volcano is located in the geographic area know as in the Crater Highlands and is an extinct volcano that last erupted in the pleistocene.
Mount Loolmalasin is the second tallest mountain in Arusha Region and the highest point in Ngorongoro District. The mountain also is the source of Simiyu River, which flows west to Lake Victoria in Simiyu Region.Batesville is a city in Panola County, Mississippi, United States. The population was 7,463 at the 2010 census.
Batesville is one of two county seats which the legislature established for Panola County, related to a longstanding rivalry between towns on either side of the Tallahatchie River; the other is Sardis, located north of the river.

Nasławice may refer to the following places in Poland:

Nasławice, Lower Silesian Voivodeship (south-west Poland)
Nasławice, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship (south-central Poland)Waldo is an unincorporated community within Magoffin County, Kentucky, United States.Emergency medical personnel in the United Kingdom are people engaged in the provision of emergency medical services. This includes paramedics, emergency medical technicians and emergency care assistants. 'Paramedic' is a protected title, strictly regulated by the Health and Care Professions Council, although there is tendency for the public to use this term when referring to any member of ambulance staff.
Emergency medical personnel most often work in an ambulance alongside another member of staff. Typically, an ambulance will be crewed by either a paramedic with another crew member (technician or emergency care assistant), two technicians or a technician with an emergency support worker.
The majority of emergency medical personnel are employed by the public ambulance services of the National Health Service and respond to emergency calls generated by the 999 system. Many are also employed by private ambulance companies and voluntary aid societies such as the British Red Cross and St. John Ambulance, who provide services such as event medical cover or support to some NHS ambulance services in times of need or under contract.Many NHS trusts are in the process of phasing out the ambulance technician / emergency medical technician (Band 5 on the Agenda for Change) role from the services  and replacing it with the emergency care support worker or emergency care assistant roles (Band 3 on the Agenda for Change), and most services are no longer training staff at technician level.All ambulance services (in England), whether public, private or voluntary, are regulated by the Care Quality Commission, who dictate the expected standard of care.

John Rozgonyi (Hungarian: Rozgonyi János; c. ? – 1471) was voivode of Transylvania in 1441–1458 and in 1459–1461 (for the second time), also ispán of Sopron and Vas Counties (1449–1454), count of the Székelys (1457–1458), Judge Royal of the Kingdom of Hungary. He was married to Orsolya Szilágyi from the House of Szilágyi, they had the following children: John, András, István, Apollónia (who married Benedek Csáky).Karnak Café (Al-Karnak, Arabic: الكرنك) is a novella written in 1974 by Egyptian writer Naguib Mahfouz, winner of the Nobel Prize in Literature in 1988. The novel was made into a film of the same name in 1975. Set against the discussions between the patrons of a café in Cairo, the Karnak Café, the book follows the stories of three individuals during the 1960s, including the Six-Day War (1967) and the War of Attrition (1967–70). It therein explores some of the political currents vying for control over Egyptian politics in the 1960s as well as political persecution, the deep state, and state violence.Monzón is a small city and municipality in the autonomous community of Aragon, Spain. Its population was 17,176 as of 2014. It is in the northeast (specifically the Cinca Medio district of the province of Huesca) and adjoins the rivers Cinca and Sosa.NBA in the Zone (also known in Japan as NBA Power Dunkers and in Australia & Europe as NBA Pro) is a series of basketball video games released by Konami for the PlayStation and Nintendo 64 video game consoles. Konami followed up the In The Zone series with the release of NBA Starting Five for the Xbox and PlayStation 2.

Mardi Barrie (1930–2004) was a Scottish artist and teacher.Cytosporina ludibunda is an ascomycete fungus that is a plant pathogen.The Benton Unit is a prison located in Benton, Arkansas. It is managed by the Arkansas Department of Corrections. It was founded in 1974."Take a Chance" is a song by Swedish singer Robin Bengtsson. The song was performed for the first time in Melodifestivalen 2020, where it made it to the final. It was released as a digital download in Sweden on 22 February 2020 by Universal. The song peaked at number 13 on the Swedish single chart.Kari O Komal (Bengali: কড়ি ও কোমল; English:  Sharps and Flats) is a Bengali poetry book written by Rabindranath Tagore in 1886. It consists of 83 poems.Maria Victoria Hospital is hospital in Turin, Italy. The construction of the hospital began in 1883, on some land donated by Giuseppe Berruti.

In 1885 there was the inauguration and at the beginning the hospital consisted of three pavilions and twelve beds. In 1886 the hospital was erected as a moral body and the following year the operating rooms dedicated to obstetrics and gynecology came into operation. The chief of the obstetrics and gynecology division Guido Levi, was dismissed from office in 1938 following the promulgation of racial laws but reinstated in his post as soon as the end of World War II, a position he held until 1957. The millionth inhabitant of Turin was born and baptized in this hospital in February 1961.Bells of Doom is a compilation album of Swedish Symphonic metal band Therion,  released by the official fan club (now called  Therion Society) in 2001. The album was originally available for Therion Society members only but is now available to anyone in Therion's Official online store. It contains rare tracks from early recordings of the band. The first two tracks come from a rehearsal in 1987 when they were still called  Blitzkrieg, the remaining from various Therion demos and unreleased recordings. The album is limited in numbers and will not be reprinted once it has sold out.Juan Schwanner, János Schwanner (5 February 1921 – 8 May 2015) was a Hungarian–Chilean football player and manager.A Certain Sacrifice is a 1985 American drama film co-written and directed by Stephen Jon Lewicki and starring Madonna, Jeremy Pattnosh and Charles Kurtz. It was Madonna's first movie, filmed from September 1979 through June 1981, but not released until 1985.A Certain Sacrifice is an independent-underground art film, shot on-and-off over two years in New York City on a low-budget of just $20,000. Madonna finished her scenes in late 1980.According to some estimations, the video release sold 50,000 copies in its first week, and the film achieved a certain cult status among some of her fans and collectors by that time.I Dreamed a Dream is the debut studio album by Scottish singer Susan Boyle. It was released on 23 November 2009 by Syco Music in the United Kingdom, and by Columbia Records in the United States one day later. In the standard edition, 11 out of the 12 songs that appear on the album are cover songs, plus the original composition "Who I Was Born to Be". It quickly became the world's biggest selling album of 2009, according to IFPI. The album had sold around 10 million copies worldwide since its debut.The album entered the UK album chart at number 1 and became the fastest-selling debut album ever in the UK, selling 411,820 copies, beating the record previously set by Spirit by Leona Lewis and outselling the rest of the top five albums combined during its first week on sale. The album remained at the top spot for four weeks, becoming the biggest selling album in the UK in 2009. In the U.S., I Dreamed a Dream debuted at No. 1 on the Billboard 200, with 701,000 copies sold in its first week, breaking the record for the highest debut by a new solo female artist in the SoundScan era (post 1991). I Dreamed a Dream became the biggest opening sales week of 2009 in the U.S., beating out Eminem's Relapse which sold 608,000. It was the second-biggest selling album of 2009 in the U.S., with 3.1 million copies sold, right behind Taylor Swift's Fearless at 3.2 million copies. In only six weeks of sales, it became the biggest selling album in the world for 2009.Mylothris humbloti is a butterfly in the family Pieridae. It is found on the Comoros.Palpita estebanalis is a moth in the family Crambidae. It was described by Schaus in 1920. It is found in Venezuela.Bani Malek (Arabic: بني مالك) is a sub-district located in Bani Suraim District, 'Amran Governorate, Yemen. Bani Malek had a population of 3654 according to the 2004 census.Daniel James Malone (27 September 1878 – 20 August 1952) was an Australian politician.
He was born in Kapunda in South Australia to station master Daniel Malone and Elizabeth Kiely. He was educated in Adelaide and worked on a farm at Terowrie before moving to Tasmania and then Sydney. He became an engineer, working for the Australian Institute of Engineers and directing several companies. On 15 August 1904 he married Catherine Mary Balfe, with whom he had six children. From 1925 to 1934 he was a member of the New South Wales Legislative Council; he was nominated by the Labor Party but voted independently in the chamber. Malone died at Haberfield in 1952.Gabriel is a novel by Lisa Tuttle published in 1987.Kim Hyeong-jun (Korean: 김형준; born August 8, 1968) is a South Korean film director, screenwriter and producer.York Town is a rural locality in the local government areas (LGA) of West Tamar and Latrobe in the Launceston and North-west and west LGA regions of Tasmania. The locality is about 7 kilometres (4.3 mi) north-west of the town of Beaconsfield. The 2016 census has a population of 72 for the state suburb of York Town.
It was the first attempt to establish a British presence in northern Tasmania, in 1804. It was a "bustling village" until 1808.Ildar Ruslan-ogly Alekperov (Russian: Ильдар Руслан-Оглы Алекперов; born 27 April 2001) is a Russian professional footballer who plays for Sabah in the Azerbaijan Premier League.Emblemaria vitta, the Ribbon blenny, is a species of chaenopsid blenny found around Navassa Island, in the western central Atlantic ocean. It is known to reach a length of 1.8 centimetres (0.71 in) SL.Hadi Bolouri (born 21 September 1986) is an Iranian footballer. He currently plays for Alvand Hamedan in the Azadegan League.Cheryl Frances-Hoad (born 1980) is a British composer.The Strand Theater is a performing arts, film and community center in the borough of Zelienople, Pennsylvania, United States of America.Choose One is the debut studio album from Australian hip hop group 1200 Techniques, released in June 2002. Produced entirely by band's founder, DJ Peril, the album features a mix of contemporary hip-hop, rock and electro. It peaked at No. 20 on the ARIA Albums Chart.
The single, "Karma (What Goes Around)", samples elements of Hot Chocolate's "Brother Louie" and was featured on a "World Instruments" segment of John Safran's Music Jamboree. The track "Battlemaster" contains a widely used line from the hip hop film, Beat Street.Scrobipalpa portosanctana is a moth of the family Gelechiidae. It was described by Henry Tibbats Stainton in 1859. It is found in Spain, France, Italy, Croatia, as well as on Sardinia, Corsica, Sicily, Malta and Madeira. It is also present in North Africa and the Near East.
The larvae feed on Lycium barbarum and Lycium europaeum. They mine the leaves of their host plant. They have a grey body with dark length lines and a blackish head.The Avro 530 was a British two-seat fighter biplane designed in 1916 to compete with the Bristol F.2A. The plane itself was designed in 1916, but not flown until July 1917. It was of fabric-covered wooden construction, powered by a 200 hp (150 kW) Hispano-Suiza engine.Suszów [ˈsuʂuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Telatyn, within Tomaszów Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) east of Telatyn, 40 km (25 mi) east of Tomaszów Lubelski, and 125 km (78 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.In artificial intelligence, eager learning is a learning method in which the system tries to construct a general, input-independent target function during training of the system, as opposed to lazy learning, where generalization beyond the training data is delayed until a query is made to the system.
The main advantage gained in employing an eager learning method, such as an artificial neural network, is that the target function will be approximated globally during training, thus requiring much less space than using a lazy learning system. Eager learning systems also deal much better with noise in the training data. Eager learning is an example of offline learning, in which post-training queries to the system have no effect on the system itself, and thus the same query to the system will always produce the same result.
The main disadvantage with eager learning is that it is generally unable to provide good local approximations in the target function.Arthur Wontner (21 January 1875 – 10 July 1960) was a British actor best known for playing Sir Arthur Conan Doyle's master detective Sherlock Holmes in five films from 1931 to 1937.Tonari no Kashiwagi-san (となりの柏木さん, lit. "Next to Kashiwagi") is a Japanese manga series by Kinusa Shimotsuki, serialized in Hōbunsha's seinen manga magazine Manga Time Kirara Forward from September 2009 to August 2016. It has been collected intwelve tankōbon volumes as of February 2015.Leslie Witte (April 2, 1911 – December 23, 1973), nicknamed "Beanie" and "One Grand Witte", was a two-time consensus All-American basketball player for the Wyoming Cowboys in 1932 and 1934. A forward, he was the first All-American in University of Wyoming history and was also the first Wyoming player to score 1,000 career points, finishing with 1,069, which was the inspiration for his "One Grand Witte" nickname.
A native of Lincoln, Nebraska, Witte played football and basketball at Lincoln High School from 1927–28 to 1929–30. In football, he helped his teammate (and future National Football League player) Bernie Masterson lead the 'Links' to a 23–0–2 record, while in basketball he also guided the team to a 40–10 record between 1929 and 1930. In his senior season of 1929–30 the basketball team won the state championship.
Les Witte was the younger brother of Cowboys head coach Willard "Dutch" Witte who coached Les for his entire career, including the national championship-winning team his senior season when Wyoming finished with a 26–4 record. In the pre-NCAA tournament days, the Helms Foundation voted to determine the national champions. Being the only college basketball voting poll of the era, Helms had the authority on issues such as All-America selections and national champions.
The Spalding Guide, an early sports magazine that focused primarily on baseball but dabbled in other sports, once wrote about Witte in a 1932 issue,

"Witte was the cleverest player to show in the conference in a long time. This boy's dribbling, pivoting and feinting, and his lefthand arch shots, could not be stopped."
Despite great college success, Witte never played professionally because there were no viable professional leagues during that time. The Basketball Association of America (BAA) would not even exist until 1946, well after Witte's prime.D.B. Brinquedos was a Brazilian retail chain specialized in the sale of toys and articles aimed at children. Was a pioneer in this market, it had 35 stores, dominated 40% of South Brazil market, and was the leader until the year in which its activities have been closed in 1997.
One of the major characteristics of the company was counting on huge stores often similar to a real market or specialized shopping mall only with toys.
In October 1997, the chain was officially closed, having been handed down its bankruptcy in the following year at the request of 20 industries of toys that were its creditors – among them Estrela, Candide and Tec Toy – because of debts that reached R$36 million.In addition to the debt, another strong reason for D.B. Brinquedos declare bankruptcy and cease operations began in 1994, when imported toys sold by street vendors began to strongly compete with the retail toy industry.The Lafayette River, earlier known as Tanner's Creek, is a 6.2-mile-long (10.0 km) tidal estuary which empties into the Elizabeth River just south of Sewell's Point near its mouth at Hampton Roads, which in turn empties into the southern end of Chesapeake Bay in southeast Virginia in the United States. It is entirely located in the city of Norfolk, Virginia.The Thing is a 2002 squad-based third-person shooter survival horror video game developed by Computer Artworks and co-published by Vivendi Universal Games under the Black Label Games label and Konami. It was released for Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 2, and Xbox. GameCube and Game Boy Advance versions were also planned, but both were cancelled early in development.
Set as a sequel to John Carpenter's 1982 film of the same name, the story focuses on Captain Blake, a member of a U.S. Special Forces team sent to the Antarctic outpost featured in the film to determine what has happened to the research team. Only to find himself caught in an invisible fight for survival against the titular shape-shifting alien, who seemingly has regained life despite being destroyed at the end of the film. Other survivors encountered and ordered by Blake assist the battle against the creatures different forms, all while being fully aware that they can trust no-one. The game was endorsed by Carpenter, who has a cameo appearance in the game.The Thing was a commercial success; selling over one million units worldwide across all platforms, and received generally positive reviews. A sequel was in the early stages of development, but was canceled when Computer Artworks went into receivership in 2003.

An eponymous disease is a disease, disorder, condition, or syndrome named after a person, usually the physician or other health care professional who first identified the disease; less commonly, a patient who had the disease; rarely, a fictional character who exhibited signs of the disease; and, in some few instances, after an actor or the subject of a literary allusion, because characteristics associated with them were suggestive of symptoms observed in a particular disorder.

Dance Mode! is the second soundtrack album of the Australian animated television series Bluey, which is scheduled for release on 21 April 2023 by Demon Records. The program itself first aired ABC Kids on 1 October 2018. The show follows Bluey, an anthropomorphic six-year-old Blue Heeler puppy who is characterised by her abundance of energy, imagination and curiosity of the world. Most of the soundtrack's music was composed and performed by Joff Bush, the composer for the television program, alongside a team of musicians.The soundtrack will be released through Demon Music Group, a subdivision of BBC Studios, who hold global rights to release the show's music. The first single, "Dance Mode", was released on 27 January 2023.Wang Su (195–256), courtesy name Ziyong, was an official and Confucian scholar of the state of Cao Wei during the Three Kingdoms period of China. He was a son of Wang Lang. When Guanqiu Jian started a rebellion in Shouchun, Wang Su advised Sima Shi to lower the rebels' morale by treating their families with respect. Following that, Wang Su entreated Cao Mao to allow Sima Zhao to succeed Sima Shi as regent of Wei.Wang Su's daughter, Wang Yuanji, married Sima Zhao and gave birth to Sima Yan, the first emperor of the Jin dynasty, in 236. Thus, Wang Su became a grandfather himself. Wang Su inherited the title and marquisate of Marquis of Lanling (蘭陵侯) from his father.Wang Su compiled the extant edition of the Kongzi Jiayu (School Sayings of Confucius), the sayings of Confucius not included in the Analects. Scholars long suspected it was a forgery by Wang Su, but a book discovered in 1977 from the Shuanggudui tomb (sealed in 165 BCE), entitled Ru Jia Zhe Yan (儒家者言, Sayings of the Ru School), contains very similar content to the Kongzi Jiayu.Hervé Bromberger (11 November 1918 – 25 November 1993) was a French film director and screenwriter. He directed 16 films between 1951 and 1982. His 1951 film Paris Vice Squad was entered into the 1951 Cannes Film Festival.Jin Na is the name of:

Jin Na (synchronized swimmer) (born 1976), Chinese synchronized swimmer
Jin Na (screenwriter) (born c. 1976), Chinese screenwriterBieliny [bjɛˈlinɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gielniów, within Przysucha County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 96 kilometres (60 mi) south-west of Przysucha and 197 km (122 mi) south of Warsaw.Robert Kendrick and Donald Young were the defending champions but decided not to participate.
Treat Conrad Huey and Dominic Inglot won the final 4–6, 6–3, [10–7] against John Paul Fruttero and Raven Klaasen.Moritz Bauer (German pronunciation: [ˈmoːʁɪts ˈbaʊ̯ɐ]; born 25 January 1992) is an Austrian footballer who plays as a right midfielder or a right back for Swiss club Servette.
Bauer began his career in the Swiss Super League with Grasshopper Club Zürich. He spent five seasons at Letzigrund making over 100 appearances for Grasshoppers before joining Russian Premier League club Rubin Kazan June 2016. After two years playing in Russia Bauer signed for English club Stoke City in January 2018."Boyle's Hunch" is the third episode of the third season of the American television police sitcom series Brooklyn Nine-Nine. It is the 48th overall episode of the series and is written by Tricia McAlpin and directed by Trent O'Donnell. It aired on Fox in the United States on October 11, 2015.
The show revolves around the fictitious 99th precinct of the New York Police Department in Brooklyn and the officers and detectives that work in the precinct. In the episode, Boyle might have met his soul-mate in Genevieve, an art gallery owner. However, when she's declared guilty of stealing art, he and Jake set out to prove her innocence. Meanwhile, Rosa deals with intra-precinct theft and Holt seeks Amy's help with an image campaign.
The episode was seen by an estimated 2.75 million household viewers and gained a 1.3/4 ratings share among adults aged 18–49, according to Nielsen Media Research. The episode received positive reviews from critics, who praised Joe Lo Truglio's performance, but the ice cream theft subplot received a mixed response.The P35 Express (codenamed Bearlake) is a mainstream desktop computer chipset from Intel released in June 2007, although motherboards featuring the chipset were available a month earlier.
The P35 Express chipset supports Intel's LGA 775 socket and Core 2 Duo and Quad processors, and is also known to support 45 nm Wolfdale/Yorkfield dual and quad core CPUs. Theoretically, Intel also dropped support for Intel's Pentium 4 and Pentium D processors with this chipset although late Pentium 4 processors, including both the 32-bit-only (5x0) and the 32-bit/64-bit (5x1), and a few others, were fully supported.
It is notable for providing the first commodity support of DDR3 SDRAM.  (It also supports DDR2 SDRAM; the choice is made by the motherboard manufacturer, and some manufacturers supported both DDR3 and DDR2 on the same motherboard, but only one memory type at a time, often 4× DDR2 or 2× DDR3, as in the Gigabyte GA-EP35C-DS3L/R; but DDR3-only models, such as the Gigabyte GA-EP35T-DS3L/R and the DDR2-only models, such as the Gigabyte GA-EP35-DS3L/R were also made, concurrently.)  Another notable point is that it does not provide Parallel ATA support; most 2007 motherboards added PATA support via a JMicron JMB361 or JMB363 chip.Wayunkayuq (Quechua wayunka a bunch of bananas, -yuq a suffix to indicate ownership, "the one with a bunch of bananas", also spelled Guayoncayoc) is a mountain in the Andes of Peru which reaches a height of approximately 4,200 m (13,800 ft). It is located in the Ancash Region, Antonio Raymondi Province, Rontoy District.Vacher is a surname of French origin. Its literal translation means a keeper of stock or cattle or a herdsman but is generally used by people whose ancestry is traced to the cow-herders. It is also used by a small group of people in India. People with the name include:

Antoine Vacher (1873–1920), French geographer
Charles Vacher, (1818–1883), watercolour painter
Chris Vacher (born 1951), British television news presenter
Georges Vacher de Lapouge (1854–1936), French anthropologist and theoretician of eugenics and racialism
Joseph Vacher (1869–1898), French serial killer
Laurent-Michel Vacher (1944–2005), French Canadian philosopher, writer, and journalist
Paul Vacher (before 1936–1975), French perfumer
Polly Vacher (born 1944), English aviator
Sydney Vacher (fl. 1886–1890), English architect
Thomas Brittain Vacher (1805–1880), English lithographer, legal stationer, and printer
William Herbert Vacher (1826–1899), British merchant and bankerCharles Richard Swayne  (1843 - 1921), born in Dublin, was the first Resident Commissioner of the Gilbert and Ellice Islands protectorate, from 1892 to 1895.Swayne had spent more than 20 years as a Magistrate at Lomaloma and then in Lau in Fiji, before being seconded to the new two protectorates, where he spent the few years after.
Sir John Bates Thurston, as High Commissioner for the Western Pacific, appointed his friend Swayne in 1892, as the first Resident Commissioner in those territories, initially only for the separate protectorate of the Ellice Islands, before extending one year later his mandate to the Gilbert Islands.
In 1892, Swayne first arrived in the Ellice Islands, then, from October 1893 to November 1895, he was in the Gilbert Islands with central headquarters set in Tarawa, with a Residency erected in Betio in 1895. Swayne spent his Resident years in a peripatetic way, moving from island to island, by whatever commercial or naval vessels, returning to Suva or Sydney when necessary.He faced a severe drought in the southern Gilberts, rendering impossible to collect the new capitation in those southernmost islands. He also faced the claims from traders, especially in Butaritari, all that reinforced suspicions of the Colonial Office that the protectorate had been an error.A Test match is an international cricket match between two representative teams that are full members of the ICC. Both teams have two innings, and the match lasts up to five days. Wicket-keepers plays an important role in test cricket and, over time, the role has evolved into a specialist position.Ireland were granted full membership and therefore Test status at the International Cricket Council's annual conference held on 22 June 2017, after having been one of the leading associate members for many years. Ireland played their first Test match in May 2018 against Pakistan at the Malahide Cricket Club Ground in Dublin.
This is a chronological list of Irish wicket-keepers, that is, Test cricketers who have kept wicket in a match for Ireland.This list only includes players who have played as the designated keeper for a match. On occasions, another player may have stepped in to relieve the primary wicket-keeper due to injury or the keeper bowling. Figures do not include catches made when the player was a non wicket-keeper.The Arzamas explosion, also known as the Arzamas train disaster, was a railway accident that occurred on June 4, 1988 in Arzamas, Gorky Oblast, Soviet Union, when an explosion at a railway crossing killed 91 people and injured 1,500. The Arzamas train disaster occurred exactly a year before the Ufa train disaster, one of the deadliest railway accidents in Soviet and Russian history.The Men's 100 metre butterfly competition of the 2022 European Aquatics Championships was held on 13 and 14 August 2022.The Salmson 5 was a French aircraft built in 1917 during World War I intended for artillery spotting. It was based on the Salmson 2, but it was 23 km/h slower and offered no compensating advantages and only 1 aircraft was built.

Daniel Paul Merriweather (born 17 February 1982) is an Australian R&B recording artist. Merriweather's debut solo album, Love & War, was released in June 2009. It entered the UK Albums Chart at number two. It was preceded by two singles, "Change" and "Red", which both made the top 10 on the related singles chart. Merriweather has won two ARIA Music Awards, Best Urban Release in 2005 for "She's Got Me" and Best Male Artist in 2009 for Love & War.
In addition to his solo career, he has worked as a featured vocalist for other well-known artists. His guest vocals are included on album tracks by Disco Montego, Mark Ronson and Phrase. His collaborations with Ronson led to working in the United Kingdom including lead vocals on 2007 Ronson's hit "Stop Me", a cover version of "Stop Me If You Think You've Heard This One Before", a song by The Smiths. In November 2019, Daniel announced his first single for ten years titled 'Everything I Need', followed up by an album announcement. Merriweather played a couple of sold out London gigs too.
Merriweather was in a relationship with lawyer Coleen Mensa from 2017-2022. In 2020, the couple gave birth to Zion Daniel Kojo Merriweather.

The following is a list of the television networks and announcers who have broadcast college football's New Mexico Bowl throughout the years.The general strike of 1913 (French: grève générale de 1913, Dutch: algemene staking van 1913) was a major general strike in Belgium. It was the third general strike aimed at forcing electoral reform and, like the general strike of 1902, was particularly aimed at ending the system of plural voting. It officially lasted between 14 and 24 April and brought out between 300,000 and 450,000 workers on strike. Despite its large participation, it was relatively peaceful.Mount Superbus lies 99 kilometres (62 miles) south-west of the centre of Brisbane, Australia and is South East Queensland's highest peak at 1,375 metres (4,511 feet). At this elevation, it is the fifth-highest peak in Queensland, after Mount Bartle Frere at 1,622 metres (5,322 feet), Mount Bellenden Ker at 1,593 metres (5,226 feet), Mount Fisher at 1,385 metres (4,544 feet) and Mount Carbine Tableland at 1,383 metres (4,537 feet), all in Far North Queensland.
It has an extensive logging history dating back to the mid-19th century. Mount Superbus was originally covered in dense hoop pine forests. Red cedar and other valuable timbers were also heavily logged in the area. It is now part of the Main Range National Park.
The peak is a remnant of the Main Range shield volcano which erupted between 25 and 22 million years ago.On the southernmost peak just below the summit lies the wreck of a RAAF Lincoln bomber. It crashed into the mountain in the early hours of Easter Saturday morning on 9 April 1955, during a medical evacuation of a sick baby from Townsville to Eagle Farm airfield in Brisbane. The crew of four RAAF personnel and the two passengers were all killed in this accident. Most of the wreckage still lies near the summit and is a popular day walk for bushwalkers.
The Condamine River rises from a spring located on the western slopes of Mount Superbus. Teviot Brook, a major tributary of the Logan River, has its headwaters on the eastern facing slopes of the mountain.The 2014 Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe was a horse race held at Longchamp on Sunday, 5 October 2014. It was the 93rd running of the Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe.
The winner was Al Shaqab Racing's Treve, a four-year-old filly trained in France by Criquette Head-Maarek and ridden by Thierry Jarnet, repeating her victory in 2013. She became the first horse since Alleged to win the race twice. Treve's victory gave Head her third win in the race and was a record-equaling fourth success for Jarnet.The Northern Alberta Institute of Technology (NAIT) is a polytechnic and applied sciences institute in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada. NAIT provides careers programs in applied research, technical training, applied education, and learning designed to meet the demands of Alberta's technical and knowledge-based industries. NAIT offers approximately 120 credit programs leading to degrees, applied degrees, diplomas, and certificates. As of 2018, there are approximately 16,000 students in credit programs, 12,000 apprentices registered in apprenticeship training, 14,500 students enrolled in non-credit courses, and more than 20,000 registrants for customized corporate based training. NAIT also attracts international students from 94 countries. NAIT is similar to an Institute of technology or university of applied sciences as termed in other jurisdictions.  The campus newspaper, the NAIT Nugget, is a member of the Canadian University Press (CUP).

Maritime Washington National Heritage Area is a federally designated National Heritage Area in the state of Washington. It encompasses nearly 3000 miles of the state's saltwater shorelines from Grays Harbor County to the Canadian border, and includes 18 federally recognized tribes across 13 counties. It aims to celebrate the cultures of both the indigenous peoples in their past and current forms, as well as the growth of maritime industry in the state.The Maritime Washington National Heritage Area was established in 2019. It is administered by the Washington Trust for Historic Preservation. The Heritage Area is split into four geographic subdivisions: the Olympic Peninsula, Puget Sound, Northern Coast, and the Salish Sea Islands.For the 2002–03 season, the French Division 1 was renamed as Ligue 1 and was expanded to contain 20 clubs, which played 38 matches against each other, rather than the 34 matches in previous seasons. Lyon won the 2002–03 Ligue 1 season of the French Association Football League with 68 points.Dropmore Park is a private estate located along Dropmore Road, north of Burnham, Buckinghamshire, England, about 220 acres (89 ha) in size. The park with its buildings, including Dropmore House, have Grade I listed building status. Dropmore House is one of the most important buildings in south Buckinghamshire.

Thikkodi is a small village near Koyilandy in Kozhikode district of Kerala state, south India. Thikkodi is famous for a coconut nursery, which is 100 years old. The nearest city is Kozhikode, which is 35 km from this village.
One can see remains of an old lighthouse in Velliyamkallu in Thikkodi. Thikkodi is also famous for its mussels (kallumakaaya).
Thikkodi is the birthplace of well known Malayalam author P. Kunhananandan Nair, better known by his pen name Thikodiyan. He was a multi-faceted personality. 
Description of the area and people of Thikkodi and surrounding geographical areas can be seen in the works of the Award Winning story teller U. A. Khader. His work Thrikotooor Peruma has portrayed the history and geography of the area very well.

Kadalur Point LighthouseZhang Ben (simplified Chinese: 张犇; traditional Chinese: 張犇; pinyin: Zhāng Bēn; born 22 July 1985 in Harbin, Heilongjiang) is a Chinese female ice hockey player.  She is a member of the China women's national ice hockey team. She competed for China at the 2010 Winter Olympics. The team finished 7th out of 8 teams.The Kampuchean Federation of Trade Unions (abbreviated KAFTU) was a trade union centre in the People's Republic of Kampuchea (present-day Cambodia). In the official PRK discourse, KAFTU was referred to as "the training school of the working class for economic and administrative management". KAFTU was affiliated to the World Federation of Trade Unions.The organization was founded in 1979. It was one of the major mass organizations during the PRK period, and it was a key constituent of the Kampuchean United Front for National Construction and Defence. During the PRK period, workers paid one percent of their income to the trade union movement.The organization opened its first congress on December 7, 1983. 302 delegates and 160 observers participated in the event. As of December 1983, KAFTU claimed a membership of around 62,000. The membership was mainly based amongst civil servants. KAFTU also organized workers in the rubber plantations and industries, such as weaving factories, flour factories, liquor factories, bar soap enterprises and glass factories. As of 1989, Men Sam An served as chairwoman of KAFTU and Lay Samon as vice chairman.As of 1993, KAFTU has become dormant. The last congress of the organization had been held in 1989. It was still the sole trade union organization in the country, however. In a later response to the struggles of garment industries' workers in the new capitalist economy, the organization began to reorganize itself (as the 'Cambodian Federation of Trade Unions'). It began to distribute membership cards again, particularly amongst garment, winery, port and transport workers. As of the mid-1990s, Men Sam An (the highest-ranking woman within the ruling Cambodian People's Party at the time, later the Deputy Prime Minister of the country) was still the head of the organization. In 1999 the organization was substituted by the Cambodian Federation of Independent Trade Unions.Karel Duba (29 September 1923 – 21 August 1968) was a Czech guitarist, composer, and bandleader. He was one of the first musicians to play electric guitar in Czechoslovakia. During his career, he collaborated with important exponents of Czech jazz and pop music. He died on a concert tour in Mongolia.Ciconia maltha, also known as the asphalt stork or La Brea stork, is an extinct stork from the Late Pliocene – Late Pleistocene of United States (California, Oregon, Idaho and Florida), Cuba and Bolivia. It has been found in the La Brea Tar Pits.It is a relatively large species of Ciconia, with a height of over 5 feet (1.5 meters) and a wingspan up to 10 feet (3.0 meters) across.St. Mary's Church of the Purification in Marystown, Minnesota, United States, is a stone church building completed in 1882. The spire was finished in 1883, bringing the total cost of the new church to $8,246.62.The Parti durable du Québec (English: Sustainable Development Party) is a political party in Quebec that advocates for regionalism, centrism, and sustainable development.According to Quebecpolitique.com, the party "was founded in 2008. Its mission is to "defend the interests of the regional population" of (the) Saguenay-Lac-Saint-Jean" region.Osina [ɔˈɕina] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Borzechów, within Lublin County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.

Västra Hagen is a locality situated in Kungsbacka Municipality, Halland County, Sweden, with 969 inhabitants in 2010.

Kanikula Glacier., also known as Little Tokositna Glacier, is an 11-mile (18 km) long glacier in the Alaska Range of Denali National Park and Preserve in the U.S. state of Alaska. The glacier originates in a series of glacial amphitheaters in the south side of the range, moving southeast past Mount Goldie and ending before the valley of Tokositna Glacier. Variant forms and spellings of the name include K'enik'ela Li'a, Kahnicula Glacier, Kanicula Glacier and Little Tokasitna Glacier.

The British Caspian Flotilla was a naval force of the Royal Navy established in the Caspian Sea in 1918. It was part of the allied intervention in the Russian Civil War. The flotilla initially reported to the Rear-Admiral Commanding, Black Sea, Caspian Sea and Sea of Marmora until 1919.The Metro Green Line (formerly called the Central Corridor) is an 11-mile (18 km) light rail line that connects the central business districts of Minneapolis and Saint Paul in Minnesota as well as the University of Minnesota. An extension is under construction that will extend the line to the southwest connecting St. Louis Park, Hopkins, Minnetonka and Eden Prairie. The line follows the path of former Metro Transit bus route 16 along University Avenue and Washington Avenue (which runs from downtown Minneapolis through the University of Minnesota main campus). It is the second light-rail line in the region, after the Blue Line, which opened in 2004 and connects Minneapolis with the southern suburb of Bloomington.
Construction on the Green Line began in late 2010. It opened to the public on June 14, 2014. The travel time between the downtown Minneapolis and downtown St. Paul stops is about 46 minutes. The entire line originally operated 24 hours a day, seven days a week, but as of 2019 trains are replaced by buses from 2 am to 4 am on weekdays. In 2018, the line carried a total of 13.8 million passengers.Gavin Whittaker (13 January 1970 – 6 January 2017) was an Australian professional rugby league footballer who played for Canterbury-Bankstown and the Gold Coast.Viișoara is a commune in Botoșani County, Western Moldavia, Romania. It is composed of three villages: Cuza Vodă, Viișoara and Viișoara Mică.The Nuclear Information and Resource Service (NIRS) is a 501(c)(3) non-profit anti-nuclear group founded in 1978. Its mission is to be an information and networking center for citizens and organizations concerned about nuclear power, radioactive waste, radiation and sustainable energy issues. The organization advocates for energy efficiency, solar power, wind power and plug-in hybrids.In 2000, NIRS' affiliation with World Information Service on Energy (WISE) turned it into an international organization (NIRS/WISE).Soothing Sounds for Baby (1962) is a three-volume set of ambient electronic music by American composer, musician, and inventor Raymond Scott. Scott originally intended to lull infants to sleep with the music, but later generations have found value in the music for its minimalist aspects, often comparing it to the works of Brian Eno, Kraftwerk and Tangerine Dream despite having predated such artists by more than a decade.
Originally released in collaboration with the Gesell Institute of Human Development, the volumes are split up into three age groups: Volume 1 is 1 to 6 months; Volume 2 is 6 to 12 months; and Volume 3 is 12 to 18 months. The music gets more complex with each volume. Scott created much of the music on the albums with instruments he created, such as the Electronium and the Clavivox.  "Particularly on Soothing Sounds for Baby, Scott proved to be one of the first composers to merge the Brave New World of electronic sounds with a rhythmic pop sensibility."  Basta Music of Holland reissued the albums as 3 individual CDs and as a 3-LP box set in 1997.In 2017, Music On Vinyl in cooperation with Basta Music pressed a limited edition of 1,000 copies on silver-coloured vinyl.Tranås BoIS is a sports club in Tranås, Sweden, mainly concentrated on playing bandy. The formal, registered name is Tranås BoIS bandyklubb. The team colours are blue, white and red. The club was founded in 1941 by the fusion of the clubs Tranås IK and Tranås SK.
As of 2014, the club's men's team has played in the second level bandy league in Sweden, Allsvenskan, since 2008. The club's women's team was the runner-up for the Swedish Championship in 1975.picoJava is a microprocessor specification dedicated to native execution of Java bytecode without the need for an interpreter or just-in-time compilation. The aim is to speed bytecode execution up by up to 20 times, compared to standard Intel CPU with a Java virtual machine.
GNU Compiler Collection has been available until version 3.2.3 as machine definition 'pj,' probably first patch was for version 2.9.GNU Binutils is still available as machine definition 'pj,' as of Binutil version 2.28. GNU Debugger was once implemented, but code might be lost. Sun Microsystems provided instruction set simulator worked with GDB as SCSL open source code.
This approach results in the fastest Java runtime performance with a small memory footprint and competitive performance on code not written in the Java language.
The picoJava specification does not include any memory or I/O interface logic, so that developers can add their own logic to customize memory and an interface.

Bystrzanowice-Dwór [bɨstʂanɔˈvit͡sɛ ˈdvur] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janów, within Częstochowa County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-east of Janów, 32 km (20 mi) south-east of Częstochowa, and 61 km (38 mi) north-east of the regional capital Katowice.
The village has a population of 115.Vito Carmelo Colamonico (27 July 1882  – 31 December 1973) was an Italian geographer, geologist and scholar. His works include studies on some karst dolines and landforms of Italy, such as Pulo di Altamura, Pulicchio di Gravina and Gurio Lamanna.The Twenty-one Conditions, officially the Conditions of Admission to the Communist International, refer to the conditions, most of which were suggested by Vladimir Lenin, to the adhesion of the socialist parties to the Third International (Comintern) created in 1919. The conditions were formally adopted by the Second Congress of the Comintern in 1920.Megalong Valley is part of the Blue Mountains of New South Wales, Australia. It is located west of Katoomba.  On its eastern side, the valley is separated from the Jamison Valley by Narrow Neck Plateau. The Shipley Plateau overlooks part of the valley."Into the Night" is the first single from Santana's 2007 compilation album, Ultimate Santana. The track features Chad Kroeger from Nickelback, who wrote the song. It has received a considerable amount of airplay on VH1. Dania Ramirez of Heroes stars in the music video. The song peaked at number 26 in the United States and number four in Australia.Neogosseidae is a family of worms belonging to the order Chaetonotida.Genera:
Kijanebalola Beauchamp, 1932
Neogossea Remane, 1927Paul J. Schissler (November 11, 1893 – April 16, 1968) was an American football, basketball, and baseball coach. He coached football at the high school, college, and professional levels, and is credited with starting the National Football League's annual Pro Bowl.Kovanoluk is a village in the Buldan District of Denizli Province in Turkey.Count Richard Goblet d'Alviella (born 6 July 1948) is a Belgian businessman, who studied economics at the Université libre de Bruxelles, (Brussels), and obtained an MBA at the Harvard Business School. He is a son of Jean Goblet d'Alviella and his wife, June Dierdre Corfield.  He is the grandson of Sir Conrad Laurence Corfield.
On 22 July 1971, he married countess Veronique d'Oultremont.
He is a member of the board of directors of the Groupe Danone and Sofina, director and member of the audit committee of the Delhaize Group, and SES.Thurmont is a town in Frederick County, Maryland, United States. The population was 6,935 at the 2020 census. The town is located in the northern part of Frederick County (north of Frederick, the county seat), approximately ten miles from the Pennsylvania border, along U.S. Highway 15. It is very close to Cunningham Falls State Park and Catoctin Mountain Park, the latter of which contains the presidential retreat of Camp David. Thurmont is also home to Catoctin Colorfest, an arts and crafts festival that draws in about 125,000 people each autumn.In 2005, Thurmont was designated as a Maryland Main Street Community and in 2005 Thurmont was designated a National Main Street under the National Trust for Historic Preservation.Erika Lauren Wasilewski, known on-air simply as Erika Lauren, is a former American radio personality, singer-songwriter and former reality television personality, known as a cast member on The Real World: D.C., the 23rd season of the long-running series, which aired from 2009 to 2010.  She later became a co-host on The Alan Cox Show, and as the lead singer of the band Hawkeye, released the LP Ruthless in 2013.Gimlebreen is a glacier in Gustav V Land at Nordaustlandet, Svalbard. It is located north of the headland of Brageneset. Gimlebreen is a glacier stream from the large icecap Vestfonna.The Lower Manhattan Development Corporation was formed in November 2001, following the September 11 attacks, to plan the reconstruction of Lower Manhattan and distribute nearly $10 billion in federal funds aimed at rebuilding downtown Manhattan. It is a subsidiary of the Empire State Development Corporation, which is a New York state public-benefit corporation.Agostino Comerio (12 May 1784 – 5 August 1834) was an Italian painter, active mainly in Northern Italy.Emilio Sala y Francés (20 January 1850 –  14 April 1910) was a Spanish painter, primarily of female portraits.A Non-high school district is an American form of public school district which does not itself provide a high school, but instead reimburses nearby public districts with high schools for the education of students in the non-high district.  At least two states in the United States — Illinois and Washington — still have districts designated as non-high school districts. Another state, Kentucky, does not use the term, but has four districts that do not operate high schools.

Illinois
Non-high districts have existed since 1917 and are still provided for by statute.  An Illinois non-high district is a special form of high school district consisting of the portion of a county not in any high school district or unit school district.  It is separate from any local grade school district.  It pays the tuition of eighth grade graduates to nearby high schools, and may provide for their daily transportation.  Only one remains: Chester Non-High School District 122, whose territory is in and around Prairie du Rocher in Randolph County.  More recent Illinois laws allow a unit school district to deactivate either its elementary schools or its high schools and pay the tuition for their students of the appropriate level to attend nearby districts' schools.  There were 13 such deactivations between 1984 and 2010.
Washington
All school districts in the state of Washington are either "high school districts" or "nonhigh school districts".  Nonhigh school districts select "serving" high school districts, for which the nonhigh district also contributes to building funds, but any high school with more than a third of the nonhigh district's students is always a "serving" district.  Students may attend a serving or non-serving district.
Kentucky
State law considers all districts to be either "county school districts" or "independent school districts", with the latter defined as a district whose boundaries do not follow a county line, and does not legally distinguish districts by the grades that they choose to teach. However, four districts, all independent, operate only a single K–8 school.Anchorage: A district whose boundaries mostly coincide with those of Anchorage, a semi-independent city within the merged city–county government of Louisville. The district has agreements in place with the surrounding Jefferson County Public Schools and the nearby Oldham County Schools that allow Anchorage students to attend high school in either district free of tuition.
East Bernstadt: A rural district centering on the community of East Bernstadt. The surrounding Laurel County district treats high school students in the East Bernstadt district as its own students, who can attend either of the county district's two high schools.
Science Hill: Another rural district, this one centering on the small city of Science Hill. The Science Hill district has agreements with the surrounding Pulaski County district, as well as the Somerset independent district, that allow Science Hill students to attend any of the county's three public high schools. Most Science Hill students choose to attend the Somerset school.
Southgate: Centered on the city of Southgate, this district has agreements in place with multiple districts in surrounding Campbell County and nearby Boone and Kenton Counties that allow its students to attend high school in any of the cooperating districts, with parents responsible for any tuition fees that the receiving district may charge. The majority of Southgate high school students choose the Fort Thomas district, with most of the remainder opting for the Newport district.Ferma vedetelor ( English: Celebrity farm) is the current Romanian version of the reality television show The Farm based on the Swedish television series of the same name that was originally created in 2001 by Strix and produced in association with Sony Entertainment and Endemol. The series premiered on March 9, 2015 on Pro TV.The show is based on a group of celebrities living together twenty-four hours a day in a Farm, isolated from the outside world (primarily from mass media, such as newspapers, telephones, television and the internet) while having all their steps followed by cameras around-the-clock, with no privacy for three months.The contestants compete for the chance to win the grand prize by avoiding weekly eviction, until the last celebrity remains at the end of the season that can claim the grand prize. The show was presented by Iulia Vântur, Monica Bîrlădeanu and now is presented by Mihaela Rădulescu and Cristi Bozgan 

Atsuko Okatsuka  is an American stand-up comedian, actress, and writer based in Los Angeles, California. She was named one of Variety's "Top 10 Comics to Watch" in 2022. She started the viral #Dropchallenge with her grandmother.Apollo House is a 22-storey high-rise office building at 36 Wellesley Road in the London Borough of Croydon, London, England. In common with a neighbouring building Lunar House and others developed by Harry Hyams, the building's name was inspired by the Apollo 11 moon landing in 1969.
Like Lunar House, Apollo serves as the headquarters of UK Visas and Immigration, a division of the Home Office in the United Kingdom. The buildings at one time hosted the headquarters of the Property Services Agency (PSA), along with other 1960s office blocks, including those forming part of the Whitgift Centre. The PSA also had offices in central London, and a regional network of offices throughout the UK. Up until 2008, part of the Foreign and Commonwealth Office's Services section were based on floors 17 and 18. Now, the Home Office possesses this area.
Not to be confused with the fictional 'Apollo House' from Peep Show (British TV series), the building used is Zodiac Court located on London Road in West Croydon.William "Willy" Mostyn-Owen (10 May 1929 – 2 May 2011) was a British art historian. He worked for some years with the art expert Bernard Berenson, and was his bibliographer. He was connected with the auctioneers Christie's for 30 years.Lights Out is an electronic game released by Tiger Electronics in 1995. The game consists of a 5 by 5 grid of lights. When the game starts, a random number or a stored pattern of these lights is switched on. Pressing any of the lights will toggle it and the adjacent lights. The goal of the puzzle is to switch all the lights off, preferably in as few button presses as possible.Merlin, a similar electronic game, was released by Parker Brothers in the 1970s with similar rules on a 3 by 3 grid. Another similar game was produced by Vulcan Electronics in 1983 under the name XL-25. Tiger Toys also produced a cartridge version of Lights Out for its Game com handheld game console in 1997, shipped free with the console. 
A number of new puzzles similar to Lights Out have been released, such as Lights Out 2000 (5×5 with multiple colors), Lights Out Cube (six 3×3 faces with effects across edges), and Lights Out Deluxe (6×6).The Conference of European Directors of Roads (CEDR) or Conférence Européenne des Directeurs des Routes (in French) was created in 2003 from the former Western European Road Directors (WERD). It is a non-profit organisation established as a platform for the Directors of National Road Authorities. Having a European focus, CEDR complements the work of the World Road Association PIARC and other regional associations of road authorities. CEDR's activities are carried out in an open and transparent way in accordance with CEDR's own code of conduct and the code of conduct of the EU institutions. CEDR's is listed in the EU Transparency Register, 485630615462-79.LaMonte, Lamonte or La Monte may refer to the following people:New World Disorder is the fifth studio album by American band Biohazard. It was  released on June 8, 1999 by Mercury Records. It is the only record Biohazard released on Mercury, and their last major label album to date, as well as the only Biohazard studio release to feature former Helmet guitarist Rob Echiverria. It was produced by Ed Stasium, who previously produced State of the World Address.
It features guest appearances from Sticky Fingaz, Christian Olde Wolbers, and Igor Cavalera.

Belgium is scheduled to compete at the 2017 World Aquatics Championships in Budapest, Hungary from 14 July to 30 July.Overton is an unincorporated community in Wayne County, in the U.S. state of Ohio. It lies slightly northwest of the county seat, Wooster, Ohio and southwest of West Salem, Ohio.Finland—Pakistan relations refer to the bilateral relations between Finland and Pakistan. The relations were established on 12 January 1951  and for many years they were mostly focused on trade and economic co-operation. In the recent years Finland has also contributed financially to development co-operation and humanitarian aid in Pakistan, for example by making significant donations to the World Bank's Multi Donor Trust Fund for the reconstruction of the Pakistani border region. The last Finland-Pakistan political consultations were held in Helsinki in April 2014.There is no Embassy of Pakistan in Finland, but Finnish residents may receive consular services from the Embassy of Pakistan in Stockholm. The current Honorary Consul General for Finland, Mr. Wille Eerola was appointed in February 2016 by the President of Pakistan. The Finnish Embassy in Islamabad, Pakistan, was closed in August 2012 due to budget cuts by the government  but reopened officially on 1st of September 2022. Current Ambassador, H.E. Hannu Ripatti had his credential ceremony with the President of Pakistan, Dr. Arif Alvi on October 3, 2022 in Islamabad, Pakistan, continuing to run the Embassy of Finland in Pakistan after a ten years break. 
For 2012-2022 Finland had a Roving Ambassador to South-Asia who was also in charge of the Pakistan-relations, with an emphasis on developing economic co-operation, with an office in Helsinki at the Ministry for Foreign Affairs of Finland. Currently Finland has Honorary Consulate in the city of Lahore.The Finland Pakistan Business Council is an organisation established in 1985, registered in both Finland and Pakistan with the purpose of enhancing trade and business relationships between the two countries. Although historically bilateral trade has been rather moderate, more and more Finnish businesses are interested in the Pakistani market. A number of notable Finnish companies are present there.James Southerland III (born April 28, 1990) is an American professional basketball player for the Wellington Saints of the New Zealand National Basketball League (NBL). He played college basketball for Syracuse.

Mohammed ibn al-Talib al-Tawudi ibn Suda (Arabic: محمد التاودي بن سودة; 1700–1795) was one of the most influential scholars of the 18th century in Morocco, both politically and intellectually. He is described by the Egyptian historian, Al-Jabarti, as the "crescent of the Maghrib". He went on the hajj in 1767-1768 and studied in Medina with Mohammed ibn Abdel Karim al-Samman (1718–1775), founder of the Sammaniyya branch of the Khalwatiyya and in Cairo with the Indian scholar Mohammed Murtada al-Zabidi (d. 1791). In Cairo he also taught the Muwatta of Malik ibn Anas at the Al-Azhar. Ibn Suda was appointed by the sultan in 1788 to reform the curriculum at the Qarawiyin University of Fez, where he was installed as mufti and shaykh al-jamaa. Ibn Suda is also well known as the author of a commentary on Sahih al-Bukhari and as the teacher of Ahmed ibn Idris.Eugenia phillyraeoides is a species of plant in the family Myrtaceae. It is endemic to Sri Lanka.The Mozambican Roller Hockey Championship (Campeonato Moçambicano de Hóquei em Patins, Portuguese name) or Moçóquei is the top division of Mozambican Roller Hockey, and it is organized by the Mozambican Roller Sports Federation.The Am 6/6, later known as Am 861, is a class of diesel shunting locomotive which were built for the Swiss Federal Railways (SBB) and were intended for use as heavy hump shunters at the Limmattal classification yard.A total of six locomotives were built jointly by Thyssen Henschel and Brown, Boveri & Cie for SBB by and these received running numbers 18521 to 18526. In the late 1990s they received modernized electrical systems
The locomotives utilized a Co′Co′ wheel arrangement and a diesel-electric transmission, had six three-phase asynchronous traction motors and Flexifloat bogies (bogies without pivots and cradles) while being powered by 1.440 kW (1,930 hp) diesel engines.In January 2004 locomotive 18524 was withdrawn to serve as a parts donor for the remainder of the class. The other five locomotives continued in service with SBB until March 2020, by which point the remainder were withdrawn from service. As of April 2020 these locomotives are awaiting to be scrapped.

Romeiko (Greek: Ρωμαίικο or Ρωμέικο) is a red grape variety indigenous to Greece. Its name derives from the term Romios that is used to refer to modern Greeks (literally Roman as a citizen of the former Byzantine Empire).
Romeiko is an indigenous grape found on many Cycladic islands and Crete, prominently in the region of Chania and in particular Kissamos where it thrives. Romeiko vineyards are late maturing and high-yielding, producing high-Baumé must that is mixed with other varieties to give red, rosé and white wines. The pomace is distilled to produce Tsikoudia.
Kissamos, a red wine with 13% alcohol content, and Clos de Creta, a white wine, are both made from Romeiko grapes. Romeiko is often used to make the traditional marouvas wine, similar to a sherry.DNA analysis has shown that the similarly named Marvoromaiko is actually an unrelated variety.Mykola Ivanovych Kudritsky (Ukrainian: Микола Іванович Кудрицький, Russian: Николай Иванович Кудрицкий; 6 October 1962, in Nikopol – 16 March 1994, in Ra'anana, Israel) was a Ukrainian professional football player.
Kudrytsky perished in a car crash while heading back home early in the morning. He was ejected out of his car when it flipped.The Scotch bonnet (Semicassis granulata) is a medium-sized to large species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the subfamily Cassinae, the helmet shells and bonnet shells. The common name "Scotch bonnet" alludes to the general outline and color pattern of the shell, which vaguely resemble a tam o' shanter, a traditional Scottish bonnet or cap. The shell is egg-shaped and fairly large, 2 to 4 inches (5 to 10 cm) in maximum dimension, with a regular pattern of yellow, orange or brown squarish spots. The surface sculpture of the shell is highly variable: the surface can be smooth and polished, have grooves, be granulated, or even be nodulose on the shoulder of the whorls.
This species lives intertidally and subtidally on sandy substrates, and is found primarily in the tropical and subtropical Western Atlantic Ocean, from North Carolina to Uruguay. It is the most common species in this subfamily in North America. A similar-appearing sea snail in the Mediterranean Sea and Northern Atlantic Ocean,  Semicassis undulata, is currently considered to be a separate species. The exact taxonomy of Semicassis granulata has been unclear in the past: as well as the current combination, 38 other combinations and synonyms exist.
In the spring, the adult females of this species lay eggs in tower-shaped structures. The eggs hatch as veliger larvae, which can float in the plankton for up to 14 weeks before settling onto the seabed as tiny snails. Crabs are a predator of this sea snail. After the death of the snails, if the shells are still intact they are often used by hermit crabs.
In 1965, in the US, the Scotch bonnet shell was named as a state symbol of North Carolina, the first designation of a US state shell.John Hall was an English professional footballer who played as a winger.

James Ervin may refer to:

James Ervin (politician) (1778–1841), U.S. Representative from South Carolina
Sam J. Ervin IV (born 1955), also known as Jimmy Ervin, American lawyer and jurist
Jim Ervin (footballer), Irish footballer in 2007 Setanta Sports Cup FinalThe Bugatti Type 101 is a motor car made by Bugatti in 1951 and 1952 (one was built in 1965). In order to restart production after World War II and the deaths of Ettore Bugatti and his son Jean, the Type 101 was developed from the pre-war Type 57. Seven chassis were built; these were bodied by four different coachbuilders: Gangloff, Guilloré, Antem and Ghia, the last to a design by Virgil Exner. The 101 was powered by the 3.3 L (3,257 cc or 199 cu in) straight-8 from the Type 57.Noseworthy is an English surname. Notable people with the surname include:

Fred Noseworthy (1871–1942), Canadian track and field athlete
Jack Noseworthy (born 1969), American actor
John Noseworthy (21st century), Canadian politician
John H. Noseworthy (born 1951), American neurologist
John Noseworthy (English politician) (c.1481–1532), English politician
Joseph W. Noseworthy (1888–1956), Canadian politicianPremchand (1880–1936), was a Hindu and Urdu poet.
Premchand may also refer to:

Premchand Aggarwal, Indian politician
Premchand Degra, Indian bodybuilder
Premchand Guddu, Indian politician
Premchand Roychand, Indian businessmanJohn Ancrum, better known by his stage names Murda Mookie and Mook, is an American rapper based out of Harlem, New York.
He is a veteran of East-Coast street rap battles, and has influenced the majority of modern battle rappers today. Alongside Troy "Smack White" Mitchell, he grew in popularity among fans of street hip-hop DVDs due to his delivery, crowd control, bars, and consistency. He is considered a legend and a flag bearer for the primary era of battle rap He is a founding member of the Harlem-based rap group Dot Mob, consisting of Mook, his cousin T-Rex, and Dutch Brown, affiliated with A&R Louie Da 13th. Trav Da Assasin. Former members included NymLo (known as NymDot at the time) and K-Shine. Associates include Watts rapper Daylyt, Pittsburgh rapper Real Deal, Baltimore rapper Tay Roc, and hype-man/producer Sho Gotti.Phorcidella is a genus of flies in the family Tachinidae.A Personal Insolvency Arrangement (PIA) is a statutory mechanism in Ireland for individuals who cannot repay their debts as they come due but who wish to avoid bankruptcy. The arrangement is one of the three alternatives authorized under Ireland's Personal Insolvency Act 2012; Debt Settlement Arrangements (DSA) and Debt Relief Notices (DRN) are the other two arrangements. A PIA is a legal agreement between a debtor and their creditors that is mediated and administered by a Personal Insolvency Practitioner (PIP). A PIA usually lasts for a term of six years and must include both unsecured debt and secured debts.

Tommaso D'Avalos, O.P. or Tommaso de Avalos (1610 – 4 December 1642) was a Roman Catholic prelate who served as Bishop of Lucera (1642).Ray Mitchell (28 March 1921 – 25 March 2001) was an Australian wrestler. He competed at the 1956 Summer Olympics and the 1960 Summer Olympics.Dating Alone (Korean: 나홀로 연애중) is a South Korean reality variety show that was broadcast from February 1, 2015, to April 18, 2015, where male guests participated in virtual dates with female celebrities who acted as virtual lovers. The show is a spin-off of the 2012 television series, Imagination Love Battle.The 2000–01 IBLA Australia season was the first season for the team. The team played in the one and only season of the International Baseball League of Australia's Development League, All games were held on the Gold Coast at Palm Meadows with some showcase games played at Carrara Oval.
The team was made up of then current players on the Australia national baseball team. The team was coached by former Australian Baseball League player/coach of the Melbourne Monarchs and Australian Head Coach Jon Deeble with assistant Coaches Phil Dale of the former Melbourne Reds & Monarchs and Greg Jelks of the former Perth Heat.Andy Bell (born 1963) is a British journalist and Political Editor employed by ITN's Five News since April 1999. Ten years prior to this, he worked for the BBC as their Foreign Affairs Editor of the Today programme. Bell was also  their Paris Correspondent.He is married to Angela Bell. They have three children.Filippo Pellacani (born 26 February 1998) is an Italian professional footballer who plays as a centre back for Serie C Group C club Pescara.Extension Mechanisms for DNS (EDNS) is a specification for expanding the size of several parameters of the Domain Name System (DNS) protocol which had size restrictions that the Internet engineering community deemed too limited for increasing functionality of the protocol. The first set of extensions was published in 1999 by the Internet Engineering Task Force as RFC 2671, also known as EDNS0 which was updated by RFC 6891 in 2013 changing abbreviation slightly to EDNS(0).Stefan Fonselius (born September 19, 1976) is a Finnish ice hockey linesman who works in the SM-liiga. He has also officiated in the ice hockey at the 2010 Winter Olympics. He gained notoriety when he unwittingly took the Gold Medal winning puck home with him to Turku, Finland before delivering it to the IIHF to be authenticated and sent to the Hockey Hall of Fame.

Lomov (Russian: Ломов, from lom = crowbar) is a Slavic male surname. Its feminine counterpart is Lomova. It may refer to:

Nicolai Lomov (1946–2020), Russian classical pianist
Yury Lomov (born 1964), Olympic shooter from Kyrgyzstan
Lucie Lomová (born 1964), Czech comics author
Nadezda Lomova (born 1991), Russian weightlifter

Project Superhero is a 2014 children's fiction/non-fiction hybrid book written by neuroscientist E. Paul Zehr and illustrated by Kris Pearn.  It was first published in hardcover print in September 2014 by ECW Press. In 2015, the book was awarded a silver medal in juvenile fiction by the IPPY Awards. This is Zehr's third book, but first foray into children's fiction.James Isbell Armstrong (April 20, 1919 – December 16, 2013) was an American academic who was President of Middlebury College. He was born in 1919 in Princeton. Armstrong was appointed as Middlebury's 12th president in 1963 and served until 1975. Armstrong graduated from Princeton University in 1941 and completed his Ph.D. there in 1949. He served as a professor of classics and Associate Dean without Portfolio at Princeton prior to his arrival at Middlebury.Armstrong led Middlebury through the national political upheaval of the 1960s. On campus, student life for men and women was fully integrated for the first time. He created the month-long Winter Term which allows students to spend four weeks in January to enroll in one intensive course or pursue independent research or internships. Armstrong is credited with laying the groundwork for Middlebury's emergence as a nationally renowned institution, significantly growing the College's enrollment, endowment and physical plant.
During Armstrong's tenure, the campus saw new styles of architecture reflecting changing national taste, including several controversial buildings. These include the Christian A. Johnson Memorial Building, the Science Center (demolished in 2001), and what has become known as Freeman International Center; all departed from the campus' traditional Georgian Revival style by adopting Brutalist architectural forms and exposed concrete.Armstrong died on December 16, 2013, aged 94.Anatoly Yemelianovich Slivko (Russian: Анатолий Емельянович Сливко; 28 December 1938 – 16 September 1989) was a Soviet serial killer and necrophile who sexually assaulted, murdered, and mutilated seven boys in and around Nevinnomyssk, Stavropol Krai, Russian SFSR, between 1964 and 1985. He is also known to have sexually assaulted at least 36 other victims.Slivko's murder victims were aged between 11 and 15. All were deceived into participating in home movies ostensibly reenacting the scene of a partisan soldier executed by Nazi soldiers in which the boy would be hung. Upon rendering his victim unconscious, Slivko would sexually assault, then murder and dismember his victim before setting the body alight. The entire routine would invariably be filmed, photographed, and documented in diaries to fuel Slivko's pyrophilia and erotic fantasies.
The routine of hanging, mutilation and burning enacted by Slivko was an attempt to recreate a traffic accident involving the violent death of a teenage boy he had witnessed in 1961 which had sexually aroused him and awakened his paraphilias.Sentenced to death in 1986, Slivko was executed by shooting on 16 September 1989.Višnji Grm (pronounced [ˈʋiːʃnji ˈɡəɾm]) is a small settlement in the hills southeast of Šmartno pri Litiji in central Slovenia. The area is part of the historical region of Lower Carniola. The Municipality of Šmartno pri Litiji is now included in the Central Slovenia Statistical Region.Jefferson Female Seminary, also known as Jefferson Female College, are two historic school buildings located at Jefferson City, Cole County, Missouri, USA. They were built between 1884 and 1898 and are adjacent two-story, five bay brick buildings.  They have both front and rear porches and hipped roofs. The school closed in 1898 and the buildings have been used for residential purposes since 1900.: 5 It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2000. It is located in the Capitol Avenue Historic District.Ålesund Airport, Sørneset (Norwegian: Ålesund sjøflyplass, Sørneset) was a water aerodrome and later heliport situated at Nørvevika and later Sørneset in Ålesund, Norway. The airport was, to a varying degree, used between 1929 and 1979. It has since been demolished.
The first use of Nørvevika was in November 1929 as a temporary base for the Royal Norwegian Navy Air Service. When Norwegian Air Lines commenced scheduled flights along the coast in 1935, they also took the facilities into use. The Navy Air Service returned in 1939 and decided to build a base, but there was no time to carry out the plans before the German invasion the following year. The Luftwaffe used the base for two Arado Ar 196 from 1941 to 1943, moving the base to Sørneset during the Second World War.
Lufttransport moved to the base in 1946 and carried out commercial flights in 1948 and 1949. After shutting down, these were taken over by Vestlandske Luftfartsselskap in 1950. They were retained until 1957, and the following season Ålesund Airport, Vigra opened. The final operator at Sørneset was Mørefly, who at first operated seaplanes and later focused on helicopters. They abandoned the site in 1979, moving to Vigra.Leon Pratt Alford (Jan. 3, 1877 – Feb. 2, 1942) was an American mechanical engineer, organizational theorist, and administrator for the American Society of Mechanical Engineers. known for his seminal work in the field of industrial management.Anek Laothamatas (Thai: เอนก เหล่าธรรมทัศน์) is a Thai political scientist and politician. He serves as Minister of Higher Education, Science, Research and Innovation in the second cabinet of Prime Minister Prayut Chan-o-cha since 5 August 2020.Ilias Kanellopoulos (Greek: Ηλίας Κανελλόπουλος, 1844–27 March 1894) was a Greek Navy officer, notable as director of the Hellenic Navy Academy in 1884–1890, during which he established it on a permanent basis and modernized its curriculum.Marinko Šarkezi (born 3 May 1972) is a retired Slovenian football defender. In the Slovenian PrvaLiga, he spent seven seasons with Maribor and five seasons with Beltinci.Neelambaradhan (born June 12), better known by his stage name Neelan Sekar, is an Indian Film director and Screenwriter, works predominantly in Tamil cinema. He started his career as a dialogue writer for Arinthum Ariyamalum. He made his directing debut with Alibhabha in 2008, with, actor Kreshna in the lead role, produced by Pattiyal Sekhar. His work as a screenwriter includes movies like  Naan, Super Deluxe, Maara and Cobra. He has also co-written Fingertip (web series) produced by Vishnuvardhan in 2019. He received the Best Screenplay Writer award from the Ananda Vikatan Cinema Awards for his work in Super Deluxe along with Thiagarajan Kumararaja, Mysskin, and Nalan Kumarasamy.This article outlines notable events occurring in 1995 in spaceflight, including major launches and EVAs.Leocarpus is a genus of slime moulds belonging to the family Physaraceae. The genus has a cosmopolitan distribution.Sean Marquette is an American actor, who is best known for his portrayal as Johnny Atkins in The Goldbergs and Schooled, and for voicing Mac in the Cartoon Network show Foster's Home for Imaginary Friends (2004–2009).Jelle Florizoone (born 22 September 1995) is a Belgian actor and dancer. He is best known for his roles as Pim in the film North Sea Texas (2011) and Rick in the children's series ROX (2011–2015).The men's pole vault event at the 1978 Commonwealth Games was held on 11 August at the Commonwealth Stadium in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada.Ballywalter (from Irish  Baile 'homestead' and Walter) is a village or townland (of 437 acres) and civil parish in County Down, Northern Ireland. It is on the east (Irish Sea) coast of the Ards Peninsula between Donaghadee and Ballyhalbert. Ballywalter was formerly known as Whitkirk as far back as the 12th century. It had a population of 2,027 people in the 2011 census.Haara Kotiya (Sinhala: හාර කෝටිය) is a 2017 Sri Lankan mystery thriller teledrama broadcast on Swarnavahini. The series is produced by Jayaprakash Sivagurunathan and written by Saddha Mangala Sooriyabandara. It aired every weekday from 6:30 pm to 7 pm and then 9 pm to 9:30 pm onwards. The series was ended on 1 January 2018 at 9 pm.
In season 1, it stars Saranga Disasekara, Ruwan Perera and newcomer Dinithi Walgamage in lead roles along with Rohan Wijetunga and Suraj Mapa in supportive roles. In season 2, this serial continued with newcomer actress Thushini Fernando. The show became a popular and was nominated for Sumathi Awards and Raigam Tele'es in many award categories.Haara kotiya 2, titled as Kotipathiyo was started on 2 January 2018 and finished on 8 March 2019.Abraham Beerstraaten (1643 in Amsterdam – 1666), was a Dutch Golden Age painter of winter scenes.
Abraham was baptized in the Noorderkerk on 4 October as the son of Jan Abrahamsz Beerstraaten. In 1662, together with his father, he traveled to Friesland, Groningen and many other places in Holland. He died before September 1666. Abraham Storck who cooperated with him, inherited his unfinished paintings of the town hall.Almost all sources and literature give divergent and often contradictory information. His works are confused with those of his father and brother Anthonie Beerstraaten.

Andy Sherry (born 9 July 1943) was one of the most senior British practitioners of karate and the retired chief instructor of the KUGB.Dawson Bros. - strictly speaking two brothers, Steve Dawson and Andrew Dawson, and childhood friend Tim Inman - are a team of British comedy writers who have written on a wide range of award-winning narrative and entertainment shows including That Mitchell and Webb Look, MTV Europe Music Awards, Total Wipeout, The Jonathan Ross Show, Take Me Out, The BRIT Awards, Happy Finish, Skins, The Peter Serafinowicz Show, Derren Brown's Trick or Treat, Balls of Steel, The Friday Night Project, The Royal Variety Performance, Ant & Dec's Saturday Night Takeaway and I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here!. They regularly contribute centrepiece sketches to Children in Need, Sport Relief and Comic Relief – such as the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them sketch for Children in Need 2016 and the Some Mothers Do 'Ave 'Em sketch starring Michael Crawford for Sport Relief 2016. They also wrote for BBC One's The One Ronnie, notably the Blackberry Sketch.In 2012 they authored their own BBC Three sketch show Dawson Bros. Funtime featuring YouTube stars Chris Kendall (aka crabstickz) and Jenny Bede, alongside comedy performers Mike Wozniak and Cariad Lloyd, and featuring the voice of Peter Serafinowicz.Dawson Bros. were staff writers for Funny or Die UK and also produce an occasional series of web animations called "I'd Like To Have Been In That Meeting..." with animator Richard Whitelock and comic performers Dan Benoliel and Jonny Donahoe, friends from Abingdon School during the 1990s. One of the animations features the voice of Dana Snyder.In 2013 they co-wrote the BBC One sitcom Big School, alongside David Walliams. The series aired across August and September of that year and was the second-highest rating sitcom debut in a decade. It was subsequently recommissioned and the second series aired in Autumn 2014.
Working with David Walliams again, Dawson Bros. co-created and co-wrote the BBC One sketch show Walliams & Friend in 2015. A Christmas special starring Joanna Lumley aired on Christmas Eve that year to six million viewers, making it the second most-watched sketch show on British TV in the 2010s. That was followed by a full series run in 2016 featuring Jack Whitehall, Harry Enfield, Sheridan Smith, Meera Syal, Miranda Richardson and Hugh Bonneville. They also created the ‘After Ever After’ franchise, Sky Max’s popular anthology of feature-length fairytale sequels.More recently they have written screenplays for Working Title Films and Archery Pictures and, in 2022, were co-producers and on-set writers for Judd Apatow's movie The Bubble.The Rio Piranhas Formation is a Berriasian to Hauterivian geologic formation in Paraíba, Brazil. Fossil ornithopod tracks have been reported from the formation. Also fossils of Triunfosaurus leonardii have been found in the formation.Coralliophila jarli is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae, the murex snails or rock snails.Utricularia sect. Kamienskia is a section in the genus Utricularia. The two species in this section are very small bryophilous lithophytic carnivorous plants. Peter Taylor originally described and published the section and its single species, Utricularia peranomala, in 1986. In 2007, Guang Wan Hu described Utricularia mangshanensis and placed it in this section. Both species are endemic to China.Leroy Jenkins (February 19, 1934 – June 21, 2017) was an American televangelist and preacher who was popular in the 1960s and 1970s. He was known for his faith healing, through the use of "miracle water". His television program can be seen on stations across the U.S. and internationally on Christian television networks.  Jenkins's mother, W. M. Jenkins, was also an evangelist in Florida during the 1960s and 1970s.Hypericum aciculare is a shrub in the genus Hypericum, in the section Brathys. It is an accepted name according to The Plant List and Tropicos.Flirty Fishing (FFing) is a form of evangelism by sexual intimacy practised from around 1974 to 1987 by the cult Children of God, currently known as Family International (TFI). Female members of Children of God, or "fisherwomen" would apply their sex appeal on "fish", men from outside the cult (often but not always having sex), using the occasion to proselytize for Jesus and seek donations. The practice was "a primary source of financial support and political protection" for the cult, and criticized as religious prostitution. Children of God have defended it  as a way of "bearing witness" for Jesus to people who would not otherwise be open to it.    According to some sources, over two hundred  thousand men were "fished", and over 10,000 babies were born to cult women from 1971 and 2001.  The practice was curtailed as sexually transmitted diseases spread through the cult, and then abandoned in 1987 reportedly because of the spread of AIDS.

A harbor (American English), harbour (British English; see spelling differences), or haven is a sheltered body of water where ships, boats, and barges can be docked. The term harbor is often used interchangeably with port, which is a man-made facility built for loading and unloading vessels and dropping off and picking up passengers. Ports usually include one or more harbors. Alexandria Port in Egypt is an example of a port with two harbors.
Harbors may be natural or artificial. An artificial harbor can have deliberately constructed breakwaters, sea walls, or jettys or they can be constructed by dredging, which requires maintenance by further periodic dredging. An example of an artificial harbor is Long Beach Harbor, California, United States, which was an array of salt marshes and tidal flats too shallow for modern merchant ships before it was first dredged in the early 20th century. In contrast, a natural harbor is surrounded on several sides of land. Examples of natural harbors include Sydney Harbour, New South Wales,  Australia and Trincomalee Harbour in Sri Lanka.Vancouver Football Club, commonly known as Vancouver FC, is a Canadian professional soccer club in Langley, British Columbia. The club competes in the Canadian Premier League, the top tier of the Canadian soccer league system.

Abdul Rahman Manu (died 29 March 1957) was an Indo-Fijian businessman politician. He served as a nominated member of the Legislative Council from 1956 until his death in 1957.Michael Joyce O'Neill (5 October 1877 – 12 August 1959) was a starting pitcher and left fielder in Major League Baseball. From 1901 through 1907, he played for the St. Louis Cardinals (1901–04) and Cincinnati Reds (1907). O'Neill batted and threw right-handed. A native of Maam, Ireland, he played as Michael Joyce in his 1901 rookie year with the Cardinals.Ayaka Furue (古江 彩佳, Furue Ayaka) (born 27 May 2000) is a Japanese professional golfer. After playing on the LPGA of Japan Tour where she has eight wins, she currently plays on the LPGA Tour. She won her first LPGA Tour championship on 31 July 2022, at the Trust Golf Women's Scottish Open.Dorymyrmex wolffhuegeli is a species of ant in the genus Dorymyrmex. Described by Forel in 1911, the species is endemic to Argentina.The Crooked Circle may refer to:

The Crooked Circle (1932 film), an American comedy / mystery film directed by H. Bruce Humberstone
The Crooked Circle (1957 film), an American drama film directed by Joseph Kane

Corgatha terracotta is a species of moth of the family Erebidae. It is found in Réunion and Mauritius.It has a wingspan of approximately 20 mm.Thomas Hawker (died 1699 or c.1722) was an English portrait painter.
There is little clear historical information about Hawker. George Vertue recorded that Hawker moved into Sir Peter Lely's  house after the latter's death in 1680, in the hope of benefiting from the famous associations of the address. More recently, Ellis Waterhouse suggested that Hawker had been one of Lely's chief assistants.A full-length  portrait of Charles II, believed to be by Hawker, is in the National Portrait Gallery in London. The attribution was made on the basis of comparisons with Hawker's full-length depiction of the king's son,  Henry FitzRoy, 1st Duke of Grafton, at Euston Hall. The painting of Grafton was reproduced in a mezzotint by Isaac Beckett and his portrait of Titus Oates was engraved by Cornelius Nicolas SchurtzThe date of his death has often been given as c.1722, on the basis of Vertue's reference to a painter called Edward Hawker, who was still alive, aged over 80, in 1721. Waterhouse.  however, believes that there is no reason to equate Edward and Thomas, and that the artist is more likely to have been the Thomas Hawker who was buried at Covent Garden on 5 November 1699.The Sinaloa Cartel-Gulf Cartel conflict was an armed conflict between the two Mexican cartels that began in 2004 and ended in 2010.Tweim, Idlib (Arabic: التويم)  is a Syrian village located in Abu al-Duhur Nahiyah in Idlib District, Idlib.  According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics (CBS), Tweim, Idlib had a population of 183 in the 2004 census.Denis Rogers  (30 September 1917 – 7 December 1987) was a New Zealand doctor and local-body politician."You Know I Love You... Don't You?" was a single from Howard Jones's third studio album One to One.  It was his first single not to enter the UK Top 40, peaking at #43, although it did reach #34 in the rival Network Chart. It fared much better in the US reaching #17 in the Billboard Hot 100 chart.Jean-Patrick Gille (born 28 January 1962) was a member of the National Assembly of France
from 2007 to 2017.  He represented the 1st constituency of the Indre-et-Loire department, as a member of the Socialiste, radical, citoyen et divers gauche.The 2017 season was the third season of competitive association football and second season in the Liga 1 (previously named Indonesia Super League) played by Bali United Football Club, a professional football club based in Gianyar, Bali, Indonesia. As the 2015 Indonesia Super League discontinued, it meant it was their second successive season in Liga 1.
In the transfer window, Bali United surprised the public when they successfully signed Irfan Bachdim and Dutch-born naturalized Stefano Lilipaly. They also signed Sylvano Comvalius and Marcos Flores to filled their foreign players quota. Nick van der Velden, the 2008–09 Eredivisie winner with AZ was signed as marquee player. The club kept hold of Ahn Byung-keon as their Asian quota player. Several players were released before the campaign got under way; defender Bobby Satria left to play for Sriwijaya, Rully Desrian joined Bhayangkara while Zoran Knežević, Nemanja Vidaković, and Daniel Heffernan were without a club. Bali United were also left by their first manager, Indra Sjafri who was appointed as Indonesia national under-19 football team head coach. He was replaced by former Persiba head coach, Hans-Peter Schaller.Bali United began the season in bad form with two defeats in a row which resulted in the dismissal of Hans-Peter Schaller. They slowly bounce back when Widodo Cahyono Putro took charge in May 2017, and even became runner-ups in the first half of the season. They continued their impressive form until the last match and finishing second in the table, same points with eventual winners Bhayangkara but lost in head-to-head results. Thirty one different players represented the club in the league and there were 12 different goalscorers. Bali United's top goalscorer was Sylvano Comvalius, who scored 37 goals in 34 games. Comvalius also broke the record of Peri Sandria who scored 34 goals in single season which lasted for 22 years and became league top scorer.The Union of Humanist Democrats-Yuki (French: Union des démocrates et humanistes-Yuki) is a political party in the Republic of the Congo.Shum Gora (Russian: Шум-гора: "Noise Hill") is a massive kurgan (tumulus) situated in Peredolskaya Volost,  near the bank of the Luga River, Batetsky District,  Novgorod Oblast, northwestern Russia, about 60 km west of Novgorod.
The hill was formerly involved in local liturgical practice.
19th century sources record that three crosses standing on its top, but by the 20th century these had been removed. During the mid 19th century, there used to be processions, with pilgrims walking three times around the hill before ascending it to "listen to the noise" and leave small sacrifices in a pit at the top. People suffering from headache used to put sand from the pit in their ears.
These practices are described by A. A. Panchenko in 1998.
The site and the associated folk customs were first described by M. Bystrov in 1879. Bystrov records the tradition that the sand from the hill had miraculous power on Trinity Sunday, and that if the hill was ascended on that day, the sound of bells could be heard if one "listened in a special way", and that on this day, pilgrims from as far as 50 miles away would come to the hill in hope of curing headaches.

The kurgan has not been excavated, but in 2002 a georadar survey was performed by the Russian Federal Geological Institute (ВСЕГЕИ), and in 2003 to 2004, the Institute for the History of Material Culture of the Russian Academy of Sciences has done experimental surveys testing non-intrusive archaeological methods. The kurgan is 14.6 m in height and 70 m in diameter, comparable in proportion to the largest Migration era tumuli in Scandinavia such as Raknehaugen.
Aleksashin (2006) discusses a boulder with a monogrammatic inscription he found on the hill in 2003. He compares the inscription to Carolingian monograms and based on this revives the theory which identifies Rurik, the founder of the Kievan Rus, with Rorik of Dorestad.Chandmukh is a village located in Bansihari subdivision of Dakshin Dinajpur district in West Bengal, India. The postal code of the village is 733121.The generalized Lotka–Volterra equations are a set of equations which are more general than either the competitive or predator–prey examples of Lotka–Volterra types. They can be used to model direct competition and trophic relationships between an arbitrary number of species.  Their dynamics can be analysed analytically to some extent.  This makes them useful as a theoretical tool for modeling food webs.  However, they lack features of other ecological models such as predator preference and nonlinear functional responses, and they cannot be used to model mutualism without allowing indefinite population growth.
The generalised Lotka-Volterra equations model the dynamics of the populations.

This enzyme requires Mg2+.Koubewel Koundia  is a rural commune in the Cercle of Douentza in the Mopti Region of Mali. The commune contains 14 villages and had a population of 13,529 in the 2009 census. The main village (chef-lieu) is Koubewel.Glenea hasselti is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Ritsema in 1892. It is known from Sumatra.Chris Burns may refer to:

Chris Burns (Canadian football) (born 1972), former Canadian football player
Chris Burns (footballer) (born 1967), English soccer player and team manager
Chris Burns (politician), Australian politician and current member of the Northern Territory Legislative AssemblyLouis Theodore Michener (December 21, 1848 - February 10, 1928) was an American lawyer and politician who served as the fourteenth Indiana Attorney General from November 22, 1886 to November 22, 1890. Michener also served on the staff of President Benjamin Harrison as both a campaign manager and political adviser.The Solar Tower Atmospheric Cherenkov Effect Experiment (STACEE), is a gamma ray detector located near Albuquerque, New Mexico.  Observations with STACEE began in October 2001 (2001-10) and concluded in June 2007 (2007-06). Gamma rays were observed from objects such as the Crab Nebula, a supernova remnant, and Markarian 421, a blazar. STACEE uses the heliostats and space on the receiver tower of the National Solar Thermal Test Facility (NSTTF) operated by the Sandia National Laboratories on the grounds of the Kirtland Air Force Base. In the daytime, the facility is used for solar energy research.  During the night STACEE uses the heliostats to reflect the brief flashes of Čerenkov radiation caused by gamma rays hitting the upper atmosphere to photodetectors mounted in the tower.  STACEE is a nonimaging telescope, meaning that it detects the light from a portion of the sky, but does not resolve the light into an image.
The detector is operated in consortium with several universities, including McGill University, Case Western Reserve University, the University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA), the University of California, Santa Cruz, Columbia University, and the University of Alberta.The Derlingau was an early medieval county (Gau) of the Duchy of Saxony.Chromotype may refer to:

Photo-crayotype
ChromotypographDavid R. Cooke (born August 4, 1937) is a former politician in Ontario, Canada. He was a Liberal member of the Legislative Assembly of Ontario from 1985 to 1990.

Karma Tshering is a Bhutanese politician who has been an appointed member of the National Council of Bhutan, since May 2018. Previously, he was an appointed member of the National Council of Bhutan from 2015 to 2018.The Yayu Coffee Forest Biosphere Reserve is situated in Illubabor Zone of the Oromia Regional State, southwestern Ethiopia.
It is the center of origin for the most popular coffee in the world, Coffea arabica.
Yayu is the largest and most important forest in the world for the conservation of the wild coffee populations. The area plays a key role in the conservation of natural and cultural landscapes.
The biosphere reserve includes Eastern Afromontane Biodiversity Hotspot and Important Bird Areas of international significance. The area is also of cultural and historical significance since it possesses many archaeological sites, ritual sites, caves and waterfalls.
Administrative Division: Oromiya National Regional State, Oromiya Forestry andWildlife Enterprise, Illubabor Branch, Illubabor ZoneLand and Environmental Protection, Six Districts Administration, Oromiya Bureau of Land and Environmental Protection, Oromiya Forestry and Wildlife Enterprise, Oromiya Bureau of Agriculture and Rural Development, and Ministry of Science and TechnologyCircle on Cavill is a $551 million commercial development with two residential towers built by the Sunland Group and positioned in a key city block in the heart of the Surfers Paradise CBD, neighbouring with Towers of Chevron Renaissance shopping mall and resort apartment complex. Circle on Cavill is bounded by the main Surfers Paradise Boulevard at the western end of Cavill Mall and river end of Cavill Avenue, between the Gold Coast Highway and Ferny Avenue, in Surfers Paradise on the Gold Coast, Queensland, Australia.
The street address for the Circle on Cavill residential apartments is 9 Ferny Avenue, Surfers Paradise.  The South Tower was completed around March 2007 and the North Tower was completed around July 2007. Both towers are joined on level 4 lounge which takes in the view of the Nerang River.  The tallest point of the north tower is approximately 220 m and reflects a recent trend to building upwards in Surfers' skyline, also reflected in the construction of Q1 and Soul.Rhiannon Rosalynd Tooker (born (1990-01-17)17 January 1990) is an Australian female volleyball player. She is part of the Australia women's national volleyball team.
She participated in the 2015 FIVB Volleyball World Grand Prix.
On club level she played for Queensland Pirates in 2015."Chain Reaction" is a song by Australian pop rock singer John Farnham. It was released in August 1990 as the lead single from his 14th studio album of the same title. The song peaked at number six on the Australian Singles Chart and was certified gold by the Australian Recording Industry Association (ARIA). At the 1991 Logie Awards, the music video won Most Popular Music Video.Aviation Maintenance Technician Day is a day of recognition, observed on May 24, that recognizes the efforts of aviation maintenance professionals as well as the achievements of Charles Edward Taylor, the man who built the engine used to power the airplane of the Wright Brothers. The date May 24 was selected to honor the birth date of Taylor. The day of recognition is currently observed by 45 states in the United States. On May 24, 2007, a United States House of Representatives resolution supporting the goals and ideals of a National Aviation Maintenance Technician Day was introduced. Congressman Bob Filner of California was the sponsor of the resolution. On April 30, 2008 the resolution passed by a voice vote[1].Puerto Ricans have both immigrated and migrated to New York City. The first group of Puerto Ricans immigrated to New York City in the mid-19th century when Puerto Rico was a Spanish colony and its people Spanish subjects. The following wave of Puerto Ricans to move to New York City did so after the Spanish–American War in 1898. Puerto Ricans were no longer Spanish subjects and citizens of Spain, they were now Puerto Rican citizens of an American possession and needed passports to travel to the Contiguous United States.
That was until 1917, when the United States Congress approved Jones–Shafroth Act which gave Puerto Ricans in Puerto Rico U.S. citizenship with certain limitations. Puerto Ricans living in the mainland United States however, were given full American citizenship and were allowed to seek political office in the states in which they resided. Two months later, when Congress passed the Selective Service Act, conscription was extended to the Puerto Ricans both on the island and on the mainland. It was expected that Puerto Rican men 18 years and older serve in the U.S. military during World War I. The Jones–Shafroth Act also allowed Puerto Ricans to travel between Puerto Rico and the U.S. mainland without the need of a passport, thereby becoming migrants. The advent of air travel was one of the principal factors that led to the largest wave of migration of Puerto Ricans to New York City in the 1950s, known as "The Great Migration". Similar to many other U.S. East Coast cities, Puerto Ricans were the first Hispanic group to move to New York City in large numbers.
From 1970 until about 1990, the city's Puerto Rican population was at its height. They represented up to 80% of the city's Hispanic community and 12% of the city's total population. At that time, nearly 70% of Puerto Ricans in the mainland United States lived in New York City. It wasn't until the 1990s that the percentage Puerto Ricans that made up the city's Hispanic community, and the total population as a whole started to decrease, largely due to a declining Puerto Rican population, increasingly diversifying Hispanic community, and New York City's economy rebounding after deindustrialization, which ultimately resulted in a faster growing city population and dwindling Puerto Rican influence. However, since the early 2010s, New York's Puerto Rican population started to grow again, being in the midst of another major migration wave out of Puerto Rico.
According to the 2010 census, Puerto Ricans represent 8.9 percent of New York City alone (32% of the city's Hispanic community), and 5.5% of New York State as a whole. Of over a million Puerto Ricans in the state, about 70% are present in the city, with the remaining portion scattered in the city's suburbs and other major cities throughout New York State. Although Florida has received some dispersal of the population, there has been a resurgence in Puerto Rican migration to New York and New Jersey, primarily for economic and cultural considerations, topped by another surge of arrivals after Hurricane Maria devastated Puerto Rico in September 2017 – consequently, the New York City Metropolitan Area has witnessed a significant increase in its Nuyorican population, individuals in the region of Puerto Rican descent, from 1,177,430 in 2010 to a Census-estimated 1,494,670 in 2016, maintaining New York's status by a significant margin as the most important cultural and demographic center for Puerto Ricans outside San Juan.Henry Heyman (1610–1658) was an English politician.
Henry Heyman or Hayman may also refer to:

Sir Henry Pix Heyman, 5th Baronet (died 1808) of the Heyman baronets
Henry Hayman (cricketer) (1853–1941), cricketer
Henry Hayman (educationist) (1823–1904), British educator, headmaster of Rugby School
Henry Heyman (1855–1924), violinistBrodiaea terrestris, the dwarf brodiaea, is a species of plant in the genus Brodiaea that is native to California and Oregon.In California, it is found in coastal ranges from the Oregon border, through the Bay Area, to San Diego, and in the central Sierra Nevada.
There are two subspecies:
Brodiaea terrestris ssp. kernensis (Kern brodiaea)
Brodiaea terrestris ssp. terrestris (dwarf brodiaea).

Flight Laboratory, IIT Kanpur is an airstrip/aerodrome located inside IIT Kanpur's campus at Kalyanpur 18 kilometres west of city of Kanpur, India. It is used by the Aerospace Engineering department of IIT Kanpur. Pawan Hans began a helicopter ferry service to Lucknow from June 2013, which later shut down silently.James Reynold Lonborg (born April 16, 1942) is an American former professional baseball right-handed starting pitcher, who played in Major League Baseball (MLB) with the Boston Red Sox, Milwaukee Brewers, and Philadelphia Phillies. Though nicknamed "Gentleman Jim", he was known for fearlessly pitching on the inside of the plate throughout his fifteen-year career.Morgan ap Athrwys or Morgan Mwynfawr ('Morgan the Generous'; fl. c. 730) was a king of Gwent and Glywysing (i.e., Morgannwg) in southeast Wales. He was the grandson of Meurig ap Tewdrig and the son of Athrwys ap Meurig.Sahar Ansari, TI (Urdu: سحر انصاری) (Born: 27 Dec 1939, Aurangabad, Maharashtra) is an Urdu poet  and linguist from Karachi, Pakistan. He remained associated with the University of Karachi as Professor and Chairman of Urdu department.Sahar has been awarded Tamgha-e-Imtiaz by the Government of Pakistan in 2006.The presidential cabinets (German: Präsidialkabinette) were a succession of governments of the Weimar Republic whose legitimacy derived exclusively from presidential emergency decrees. From April 1930 to January 1933, three chancellors, Heinrich Brüning, Franz von Papen, and Kurt von Schleicher were appointed by President Paul von Hindenburg, and  governed without the consent of the Reichstag, Germany's lower house of parliament. After Schleicher's tenure, the leader of the Nazis Adolf Hitler succeeded to the chancellorship, ending the Weimar Republic. 
Article 48 of the Weimar Constitution gave the President of Germany (Reichspräsident) the power to pass emergency measures which did not require parliamentary support, as long as the federal cabinet approved of them. After a grand coalition led by chancellor Hermann Müller collapsed, President Paul von Hindenburg appointed the Centre Party politician Heinrich Brüning to the chancellorship. Since Brüning did not command a majority in parliament, he governed exclusively through the president's emergency powers. Whenever the government suffered parliamentary defeats, Hindenburg would dissolve the Reichstag and enable Brüning to stay in office. 
During Brüning's time in office, Adolf Hitler and his Nazi Party became an influential force in German politics. Brüning legislated to oppose the party's paramilitary activity but was replaced with Franz von Papen, a conservative advisor of the president, who sought to compromise with the forces of the radical right. His short-lived presidential government saw the NSDAP gain the largest share of seats in parliament in the election of July 1932. Unable to overcome parliamentary obstruction, he was succeeded by Kurt von Schleicher, who, in turn, was followed by Hitler on 30 January 1933.
The presidential cabinets have been interpreted as a result of the scepticism towards parliamentary government in German society as well as a fundamental shift in political practice towards a strong presidential ruler. Hindenburg's decision to govern without the support of the Reichstag constitutes a milestone on Germany's progression from a multi-party democracy to a totalitarian dictatorship under Hitler.John Todd Ferrier (7 November 1855 — 31 August 1943) was the founder of the Order of the Cross, whose Aims and Ideals state that it is an informal spiritual fellowship, having for its service in life the cultivation of the Spirit of Love towards All Souls: helping the week and defending the defenseless and oppressed: abstaining from hurting the creatures eschewing bloodshed and flesh eating and living upon the pure foods so abundantly provided by Nature: walking in the Mystic Way of Life whose Path leads to the realisation of the Christhood and sending forth the Mystic Teachings unto all who may be able to receive them - those Sacred interpretations of the Soul, the Christhood and the Divine Love and Wisdom for which the Order of the Cross stands. 
He considered that fostering compassion towards creatures was a central part of realizing Jesushood within the soul. He was an advocate of vegetarianism from a Christian point of view.The 1960 Copa de Campeones Finals was a football series between Peñarol and Olimpia on June 12 and June 19 of this very year. It was the final of the first staging of the Copa de Campeones de América (known in the modern era as the Copa Libertadores), which would go on to become the premier club competition in South American football and one of the most prestigious competition in the world. Seven teams entered the competition in its first season and, due to the odd number of teams, Olimpia reached the finals having won only one match and playing merely two. Peñarol had dispatched Jorge Wilstermann and needed a playoff to overcome San Lorenzo to reach the finals with the weight of having played five matches.Alberto Spencer became the first player to score a goal in a final of this tournament. He also became the first person to score two goals on a final series. Juan Vicente Lezcano became the first player to be sent off in the finals when he was given his marching order on the first leg. The final was effectively decided by a late equalizer on the second leg, scored six minutes from full-time by Alberto Spencer, in a volatile and highly charged game in Asunción. The Manyas became the first ever winners of South America's premier club tournament.Llyn Fanod is an upland lake situated between Penuwch and Bontnewydd in Ceredigion, Wales. It is a Site of Special Scientific Interest partly owned by the Wildlife Trust of South and West Wales. Public access is via a bridlepath from the road. It is a mesotrophic lake located in the headwaters of the River Aeron, whose low nutrient waters are home to a number of locally rare water plants. Waterfowl and passing sea birds can be seen on the lake as can dragonflies, damselflies, and caddis flies in the summer.The lake has a surface area of 5.3 hectares (13 acres) and a maximum depth of 8.3 m (27 ft). It lies in a hollow probably scoured out glacially, and is dammed by a moraine. Palynological studies show that it has developed since the last ice age and is a remnant of a larger lake, Llyn Farch, which has otherwise dried up. It is surrounded by pasture grazed by cattle and sheep and at the southern end is a small peat mire. There are tussocks of purple moor-grass and tall cushions of common hair moss and Sphagnum recurvum. In the old peat cuttings, marsh cinquefoil, bog asphodel, bogbean, beaked sedge and Sphagnum species grow. In the open water at the southern end, yellow water lilies and European white water lilies float on the surface, and at the northern end can be found water lobelia, lake quillwort, Littorella uniflora and a few plants of water awlwort, all uncommon species in this area.In the sometimes boggy rough grassland surrounding the lake are also common spike-rush, water horsetail, sharp-flowered rush and soft rush, marsh willowherb, marsh-bedstraw, floating sweet-grass, bogbean and lesser spearwort.Mohammad Sadegh Firouzpour (Persian: محمدصادق فیروزپور) is an Iranian freestyle wrestler.In 2022, Firouzpour won the silver medal in the 74 kg event at the 2021 Islamic Solidarity Games held in Konya, Turkey. He also won a gold medal at the 2022 U23 World Wrestling Championships in the category 74 kg held in Pontevedra, Spain.His brother, Amir Hossein, is a wrestler too.Karl Morgan (born February 23, 1961) is an American football coach and former player. He is the former head football coach at Mississippi Valley State University (MVSU) from 2010 to 2013 and Coahoma Community College in Coahoma County, Mississippi from 2014 to 2015.The Hogshooter Formation is a geologic formation in Oklahoma. It preserves fossils dating back to the Carboniferous period.Robert Conny (also Cony; 1646?–1713), was an English physician.
Conny was the son of John Conny, surgeon, and twice mayor of Rochester, was born in or about 1645. He was a member of Magdalen College, Oxford, and proceeded B.A. on 8 June 1676, M.A. 3 May 1679, M.B. 2 May 1682, and M.D. 9 July 1685, on which occasion he 'denied and protested,' because the vice-chancellor caused one Bullard, of New College, to be presented LL.B. before him. In 1692 he was employed by the admiralty as physician to the sick and wounded landed at Deal. He married Frances, daughter of Richard Manley. He contributed a paper, in the form of a letter to Dr. Plot, 'On a Shower of Fishes,' to the 'Philosophical Transactions,' xx., and is said to have been a successful physician, and to have improved the practice of lithotomy. He died on 25 May 1713, at the age of sixty-eight, and was buried in Rochester Cathedral. His portrait is in the Bodleian Picture Gallery and in the lodgings of the president of Magdalen College.Varagani is a village in Guntur district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh. It is located in Pedanandipadu mandal of Guntur revenue division.Ribchester Bridge is a toll-free, three-span bridge over the River Ribble near Ribchester, Lancashire, England. A Grade II listed structure, located about three quarters of a mile east of the village, it actually crosses the river between the civil parishes of Clayton-le-Dale and Dutton. The bridge carries the two-lane traffic of the B6245 Ribchester Road.Thought to have been constructed in 1774, it is built of sandstone and consists of three segmental arches on triangular cutwaters, with a string course and a solid parapet. The bridge has an overall length 71.8 metres (236 ft) and width of 6.8 metres (22 ft) (deck plus 300-millimetre (12 in)-wide parapets). The central span in the largest at 23.2 metres (76 ft) with a rise of 5.5 metres (18 ft), with the others of differing, slightly smaller dimensions.This point on the river is above the tidal limit, the banks approximately 27 metres (90 ft) above the Ordnance datum. It has been an important crossing for millennia with the Roman fort here positioned to guard it; however, the origin of the earliest bridge is uncertain. The current bridge's predecessor had been constructed in 1669. William Stukeley in his 'Itinerarium Curiosum', published in 1721, described it as "a noble bridge of four very large arches" half a mile above Ribchester. The county authorities must have been aware of problems, as in 1769 tenders were invited for its reconstruction, but it collapsed during a flood in 1772.That bridge had also replaced another of unknown age. A charter of 1354 gave permission for the building of a bridge of wood or stone across the river at a place called 'Madynford', also granting some land for the use of the ferryman; however, this was possibly considerably downstream, near Osbaldeston Hall, where a ferry-crossing was still recorded in the mid-19th century.Leonard Marchand is a justice of the British Columbia Court of Appeal. He is the son of Donna Par and politician Leonard Marchand.MV Gadila was one of nine Anglo Saxon Royal Dutch/Shell oil tankers converted to become a Merchant Aircraft Carrier (MAC ship).  The group is sometimes collectively known as the Rapana class.
MV Gadila was built at the Howaldtswerke, Kiel, Germany and completed 11 April 1935 as an oil tanker for the Royal Dutch/Shell line. She was converted at Smith's Dock, North Shields between April 1943 and 1 February 1944. She entered service as a MAC ship in March 1944, and operated under the Netherlands Mercantile Marine flag.As a MAC ship, she had no aircraft hangar, and continued to carry normal cargoes with a mercantile ship's crew, although operating under British Royal Navy control. Only her air crew and the aviation support staff were Naval personnel. In the case of the Gadila, these were provided by the Royal Netherlands Navy and served as elements of Fleet Air Arm 860 (Dutch) Naval Air Squadron.
The Gadila and her sister MV Macoma were the first aircraft carrying vessels with a flight deck to be operated under the flag of the Netherlands.At the end of the war, Gadila was reconverted to an entirely mercantile oil tanker and served in this capacity until broken up for scrap in Hong Kong in 1958.Carmen Bourassa (1942 – 25 December 2021) was a Canadian television producer.Isaac Habrecht II (1589–1633) was a professor of astronomy and mathematics in Strasbourg. He was also a doctor of medicine and philosophy.The 1909 VMI Keydets football team represented the Virginia Military Institute (VMI) in their 19th season of organized football. First-year coach William Gloth lead VMI to a 4–3 season.Iván Darío Sandoval (born 5 August 1995) is an Argentine professional footballer who plays as a forward for Defensores de Belgrano.Cherchell District is a district of Tipaza Province, Algeria.The Surf Stakes was an American Thoroughbred horse race held annually for thirty-one years from 1880 through 1910 on the dirt course at Sheepshead Bay Race Track in Sheepshead Bay, Brooklyn, New York. A race for two-year-olds of either sex, it was last run at a distance of five and one-half furlongs but from inception through 1895 it was contested at five furlongs.Crawley Wasps Ladies FC is an English women's football club, that currently plays in the FA Women's National League South. Wasps currently play at The Camping World Community Stadium, home of Horsham FC.

Liabuku is an Austronesian language of Buton Island, off the southeast coast of Sulawesi in Indonesia. Considered a dialect of Muna, it is more divergent than other Muna dialects.The Nisichawayasihk Cree Nation (NCN; Cree: ᓂᓯᒐᐚᔭᓯᕽ, nisicawâyasihk; formerly the Nelson House First Nation) is a Cree First Nations community centered in Nelson House, Manitoba, Canada. Its main reserve is Nelson House 170.
Nelson House is located about 80 kilometres (50 mi) west of Thompson and is accessible via the mixed paved and gravel Provincial Road 391. Nisichawayasihk means 'where three rivers meet' in Cree and describes Nelson House, which is located at the convergence of the Burntwood, Footprint, and Rat Rivers.Last Emperor may refer to:

Last Roman Emperor, figure in medieval eschatology
Payitaht: Abdülhamid, English: The Last Emperor, a Turkish historical television drama series
Puyi (1906–1967), the last emperor of China
The Last Emperor, 1987 film about the life of Puyi
The Last Emperor (album), soundtrack album for the 1987 film
The Last Emperor (rapper) (born 1972), recording name of American hip-hop artist Jamal Gray
Valentino: The Last Emperor, 2009 documentary film about the life of Italian fashion designer Valentino Garavani
Fedor Emelianenko, a former Russian mixed martial artist.Cornuplura nigroalbata is a species of cicada in the family Cicadidae. It is found in Central America and North America.Eric Daniel Ramsay (8 August 1916 – 4 April 1999) was an Australian politician. He was the Labor member for Wollongong in the New South Wales Legislative Assembly from 1971 to 1984.
Ramsay was born at Lithgow and attended Lithgow High School. He became a boilermaker after leaving school. He married Kathleen on 25 February 1939, with whom he had three children. In 1971, Ramsay defeated sitting Liberal MP Jack Hough to win the seat of Wollongong in the New South Wales Legislative Assembly for the Labor Party. His margin was afterwards secure until 1981, when he was almost defeated by Independent candidate Frank Arkell, surviving by fewer than a hundred votes. He retired in 1984, allowing Arkell to win the seat. Ramsay died in 1999.Olympig Games (a spoof of Olympic Games), is an adventure story arc of the Philippine comic strip series Pugad Baboy, created by Pol Medina Jr. and originally published in the Philippine Daily Inquirer. This particular story arc lasts 19 strips long. In 1994, the story arc was reprinted in PB5, the fifth book compilation of the comic strip series.Saint-Guillaume-Nord (French pronunciation: ​[sɛ̃ ɡijom nɔʁ]) is the southernmost unorganized territory in the Lanaudière region of Quebec, Canada, part of the Matawinie Regional County Municipality.
Its only community is the hamlet of Saint-Guillaume-Nord, located at confluence of the Matawin River and Cypress Creek, a dozen miles west of Saint-Michel-des-Saints and just east of the north-east entrance to the Mont-Tremblant National Park.In applied mathematics, the Morlely–Wang–Xu (MWX) element is a canonical construction of a family of piecewise polynomials with the minimal degree elements for any 
  
Vincotto (lit. 'cooked wine') is a dark, sweet, thick paste produced in rural areas of Italy. It is made by the slow cooking and reduction over many hours of non-fermented grape must until it has been reduced to about one-fifth of its original volume and the sugars present have caramelized. It can be made from a number of varieties of local red wine grapes, including Primitivo, Negroamaro and Malvasia Nera, and before the grapes are picked they are allowed to wither naturally on the vine for about thirty days. In Roman times it was known as sapa in Latin and epsima in Greek, the same names that are often used for it in Italy and Cyprus, respectively, today.The paste is made in the Emilia Romagna, Veneto, Lombardy, Apulia, Basilicata, Sardinia and Marche regions of Italy.Cacia assamensis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Stephan von Breuning in 1948. It is known from India.Phoenix City Hall is the center of government for the city of Phoenix, Arizona, United States.Gudow-Sterley is a former Amt ("collective municipality") in the district of Lauenburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany. It is situated approximately 16 km south of Ratzeburg, and 35 km south of Lübeck. Its seat was in Gudow.
The Amt Gudow-Sterley consisted until 2006 of the following municipalities (population in 2005 in brackets):

Besenthal (75)
Brunsmark (153)
Göttin (55)
Grambek (393)
Gudow * (1,652)
Hollenbek (450)
Horst (256)
Klein Zecher (248)
Langenlehsten (156)
Lehmrade (463)
Salem (560)
Seedorf (529)
Sterley (971)Cardigan Bay is a bay in Wales.
Cardigan Bay may also refer to: 

Cardigan Bay (horse), a New Zealand pacer
HMS Cardigan Bay (K630), a Bay-class anti-aircraft frigate of the Royal Navy 1945–1961
RFA Cardigan Bay (L3009), a logistics ship of the United Kingdom's Royal Fleet Auxiliary
Cardigan Bay, Prince Edward Island, a bay in Prince Edward Island, CanadaAlexander Hay (April 8, 1806 – November 5, 1882) was Mayor of Pittsburgh, USA, from 1842 to 1845.The Happiness Project is the title of Charles Spearin's debut  album. Best known for his work with Toronto-based bands Do Make Say Think and Broken Social Scene, Charles Spearin began performing samples of The Happiness Project live during Broken Social Scene concerts, offering insight into the inspiration and concept of the album, which was long-listed for the 2009 Polaris Music Prize. On April 17, 2010, Spearin won a Juno Award for the Best Contemporary Jazz Album for The Happiness Project.Deg (also known as Aculo, Buru, Degha, Janela, Mmfo, or Mo) is a Gur (Gurunsi) language of Ghana, with also 1,100 speakers in Ivory Coast.Vagla is a related language.Tighe Rock (74°26′S 100°4′W) is a rock outcropping along the coastal slope at the west margin of the Hudson Mountains, located 15 nautical miles (28 km) northwest of Mount Moses. Mapped by United States Geological Survey (USGS) from surveys and U.S. Navy air photos, 1960–66. Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN) for Robert F. Tighe, electrical engineer at Byrd Station, 1964–65.
 This article incorporates public domain material from "Tighe Rock". Geographic Names Information System. United States Geological Survey.Shah Jikrul Ahmad (16 November 1951 – 7 May 2022) was a Jatiyo Samajtantrik Dal politician and served as a Jatiya Sangsad member representing  the Brahmanbaria-5 constituency.Mohammad Hasan may refer to:

Mohamad Hasan (politician) (born 1956), Malaysian politician
Mohammad Hasan (cricketer) (born 1990), Pakistani cricketer
Mohammad Hasan Rahmani (c. 1963–2016), Afghan Taliban leader
Mohammad Rakibul Hasan (born 1977), Bangladeshi photojournalist and filmmakerThe 1971–72 County Championship was the 30th season of the Liga IV, the fourth tier of the Romanian football league system. The champions of each county association play against one from a neighboring county in a play-off  to gain promotion to Divizia C.Statte is a railway station in Statte, Italy. The station is located on the Bari–Martina Franca–Taranto railway. The train services and the railway infrastructure are operated by Ferrovie del Sud Est.James Suppel (19 October 1914 – 9 March 1994) was an Australian cricketer. He played one first-class match for New South Wales in 1946/47.Opao can refer to the following places in the Philippines:

Opao Island, in the municipality of Bulalacao, Oriental Mindoro
Opao, a barangay in the city of Mandaue
Opao, a barangay in the municipality of Pinamungajan, Cebu
Opao, a barangay in the city of Dapitan, Zamboanga del NorteMubarak Wakasopronunciation (Arabic: مبارك واكاسو; born 25 July 1990) is a Ghanaian footballer who plays for Belgian club Eupen, on loan from Shenzhen, and the Ghana national team as a midfielder.
He spent the better part of his career in Spain, starting out at Elche in 2008 and going on to also represent Villarreal, Espanyol, Las Palmas, Granada and Alavés. He also competed professionally in Russia, Scotland, Greece, China and Belgium.
Wakaso appeared with the Ghana national team at the 2014 World Cup, as well as five Africa Cup of Nations tournaments.The 2001–02 Alabama Crimson Tide men's basketball team (variously "Alabama", "UA", "Bama" or "The Tide") represented the University of Alabama in the 2001–02 college basketball season. The head coach was Mark Gottfried, who was in his forth season at Alabama. The team played its home games at Coleman Coliseum in Tuscaloosa, Alabama and was a member of the Southeastern Conference. This was the 90th season of basketball in the school's history. The Crimson Tide finished the season 27–8, 12–4 in SEC play, they lost in the championship game of the 2002 SEC men's basketball tournament after winning the regular season championship for the first time since 1986-87. They were invited to the NCAA tournament but, lost in the second round.Berkey is a village in Lucas County, Ohio, United States. The population was 237 at the 2010 census.Morse is an unincorporated community located in the town of Gordon, Ashland County, Wisconsin, United States. Morse is located along the Bad River 7.5 miles (12.1 km) south-southeast of Mellen.Hendukosh (Persian: هندوكش, also Romanized as Hendūkosh and Hendookosh; also known as Hendī Kosh and Hindūkush) is a village in Karchambu-e Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Buin va Miandasht County, Isfahan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,076, in 199 families.The Communist League (共産主義者同盟, Kyо̄sanshugisha Dо̄mei), sometimes abbreviated Kyōsandō and better known by its nickname The Bund (ブント, Bunto), was a Marxist Japanese proto-New Left student organization established in December 1958 as a radical splinter group within the nationwide Zengakuren student federation. The organization took its name from the original Communist League (German: Bund der Kommunisten) established in London, England in 1847 under the guidance of Karl Marx and Friedrich Engels, whence it derived its nickname "The Bund."After successfully seizing control of Zengakuren through a variety of electioneering efforts, the Bund carried out a number of protest activities in the late 1950s and early 1960s, including playing a starring role in the massive 1960 Anpo protests against the U.S.-Japan Security Treaty, before splitting into a number of smaller groups.Although lasting only for a few years, the Bund is widely cited as marking the origins of "New Left"-style student activism in Japan.In 1966, some remnant factions of the original group reunited to form the Second Bund (第二次ブント, Dainiji Bunto), which carried out a variety of protest activities during the 1968–69 Japanese university protests. The Second Bund's "Red Army Faction" splinter group would become the progenitor of two notorious terrorist groups, the United Red Army and the Japan Red Army.Qeshlaq-e Anjireh (Persian: قشلاق انجير, also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Anjīreh; also known as Anjīreh) is a village in Tasuj Rural District, in the Central District of Kavar County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 141, in 29 families.Acacia burrowsiana, also known as Burrows’ snakewood or gizzard wattle, is a tree belonging to the genus Acacia and the subgenus Juliflorae that is endemic to western Australia.Damjan Pavlović (Serbian Cyrillic: Дамјан Павловић; born 9 July 2001) is a professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Degerfors IF on loan from Rijeka. Born in Belgium, he represents Serbia at under-21 international level.A History of Negro Education in the South: From 1619 to the Present is a 1967 non-fiction book by Henry Allen Bullock, published by Harvard University Press. In the United Kingdom it was published by Oxford University Press.
The book has 288 pages of content. Frederick M. Binder described the idea of chronicling the history of education of African-Americans from 1619-1967 in that length as "ambitious".According to Joe M. Richardson of Florida State University, Bullock was trying to explain whether segregated education in the South had unwittingly, in the author's words, caused "the complete emancipation of the Negro American as a person". Richardson described the book as having an inaccurate title.Zgorzałowo [zɡɔʐaˈwɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wąsewo, within Ostrów Mazowiecka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Wąsewo, 16 km (10 mi) north-west of Ostrów Mazowiecka, and 91 km (57 mi) north-east of Warsaw.The 1903 Washington Agricultural football team was an American football team that represented Washington Agricultural College during the 1903 college football season. The team competed as an independent under head coach James N. Ashmore and compiled a record of 3–3–2."Sal de Mi Piel" (English: "Get Out of My Skin"), is a song by Belinda.Louise Julie de Mailly-Nesle, comtesse de Mailly (French pronunciation: ​[lwiz ʒyli də maji nɛl]; 1710–1751) was the eldest of the five famous de Nesle sisters, four of whom would become the mistress of King Louis XV of France.  She was his mistress from 1732 until 1742, and his official mistress from 1738 until 1742.Eosentomon silvaticum is a species of proturan in the family Eosentomidae. It is found in Europe and Northern Asia (excluding China).Butler Green is a residential area in the town of Chadderton in the Metropolitan Borough of Oldham, Greater Manchester.  The area is also commonly known as Washbrook.Located in the south east of the town, Butler Green forms a contiguous urban area with Coalshaw Green, Whitegate, Nimble Nook, Block Lane and Hollinwood.Hollinwood Rugby League Club are based at Butler Green on Melrose Fields, the site of the former Melrose Mill.In the United States, a patroon (English:  ; from Dutch patroon [paːˈtroːn]) was a landholder with manorial rights to large tracts of land in the 17th century Dutch colony of New Netherland on the east coast of North America. Through the Charter of Freedoms and Exemptions of 1629, the Dutch West India Company first started to grant this title and land to some of its invested members. These inducements to foster colonization and settlement (also known as the "Rights and Exemptions") are the basis for the patroon system.  By the end of the eighteenth century, virtually all of the American states had abolished primogeniture and entail; thus patroons and manors evolved into simply large estates subject to division and leases.
The deeded tracts were called patroonships and could span 16 miles in length on one side of a major river, or 8 miles if spanning both sides. In 1640, the charter was revised to cut new plot sizes in half, and to allow any Dutch American in good standing to purchase an estate. The title of patroon came with powerful rights and privileges. A patroon could create civil and criminal courts, appoint local officials and hold land in perpetuity. In return, he was required by the Dutch West India Company to – sources vary – establish a settlement of at least 50 families within four years on the land, or "ship fifty colonists to it within four year". As tenants working for the patroon, these first settlers were relieved of the duty of public taxes for ten years, but were required to pay rent to the patroon. A patroonship sometimes had its own village and other infrastructure, including churches.
Patroons were entitled to the acquisition of enslaved labor by the Dutch West India Company's Rights and Exemptions Charter. Patroons, often the wealthiest and most influential residents of New Netherland, procured and exploited slaves in almost every part of the colony, although a majority of the slave population remained near New Amsterdam, and farther north, were centered around Fort Orange (Albany, NY) and Rensselaerswijck. Moreover, patroons were essentially the only colonists in New Netherland to own slaves.After the English takeover of New Netherland in 1664 and American independence in 1783, the system continued with the granting of large tracts known as manors, and sometimes referred to as patroonships.

Ramon B. Neri was a Filipino politician who was the Mayor of Cagayan de Misamis from 1912–1916 and represented Misamis during the 4th Philippine Legislature. Together with his brother, Misamis Oriental Governor Vicente Neri, they Founded the first weekly newspaper in Cagayan de Oro. It was called Ang Katarungan.Grammatorcynus is a genus of ray-finned bony fish in the family Scombridae.  This genus together with Acanthocybium and Scomberomorus are comprised by  the tribe Scomberomorini, commonly known as the Spanish mackerels or seerfishes.Grammatorcynus comprises two species:

Grammatorcynus bicarinatus (Quoy & Gaimard, 1825), shark mackerel
Grammatorcynus bilineatus (Rüppell, 1836), double-lined mackerelIsbell Field (FAA LID: 4A9) is a city-owned public-use airport located two nautical miles (3.7 km) north of the central business district of Fort Payne, a city in DeKalb County, Alabama, United States. According to the FAA's National Plan of Integrated Airport Systems for 2009–2013, it is categorized as a general aviation facility.Caloptilia megalotis is a moth of the family Gracillariidae. It is known from New South Wales, Australia and Meghalaya, India.Steven F. Arnold (18 May 1943 – 6 August 1994) was an American multidisciplinary artist and protégé of Salvador Dalí. He was a filmmaker, photographer, painter, illustrator, set and costume designer, and assemblage artist.Al-Aqsa Mosque, properly Jāmiʿ al-Aqṣā (Arabic: جامع الأقصى, lit. 'congregational mosque of Al-Aqsa [compound]'), also known as the Qibli Mosque or Qibli Chapel (Arabic: المصلى القبلي, romanized: al-muṣallā al-qiblī, lit. 'prayer hall of the qibla (south)'), is a congregational mosque or prayer hall in the Old City of Jerusalem. In some sources the building is also named al-Masjid al-Aqṣā, but this name and its English translation "Al Aqsa Mosque" itself, is disputed as it can instead apply to the whole compound in which the building sits. The wider compound is also known as the Haram al-Sharif, the Al-Aqsa Mosque compound (or simply Al-Aqsa), and the Temple Mount.During the rule of the Rashidun caliph Umar (r. 634–644) or the Umayyad caliph Mu'awiya I (r. 661–680), a small prayer house on the compound was erected near the mosque's site. The present-day mosque, located on the south wall of the compound, was originally built by the fifth Umayyad caliph Abd al-Malik (r. 685–705) or his successor al-Walid I (r. 705–715) (or both) as a congregational mosque on the same axis as the Dome of the Rock, a commemorative Islamic monument. After being destroyed in an earthquake in 746, the mosque was rebuilt in 758 by the Abbasid caliph al-Mansur. It was further expanded upon in 780 by the Abbasid caliph al-Mahdi, after which it consisted of fifteen aisles and a central dome. However, it was again destroyed during the 1033 Jordan Rift Valley earthquake. The mosque was rebuilt by the Fatimid caliph al-Zahir, who reduced it to seven aisles but adorned its interior with an elaborate central archway covered in vegetal mosaics; the current structure preserves the 11th-century outline.
During the periodic renovations undertaken, the ruling Islamic dynasties constructed additions to the mosque and its precincts, such as its dome, façade, minarets, and minbar and interior structure. Upon its capture by the Crusaders in 1099, the mosque was used as a palace; it was also the headquarters of the religious order of the Knights Templar. After the area was conquered by Saladin in 1187, the structure's function as a mosque was restored. More renovations, repairs, and expansion projects were undertaken in later centuries by the Ayyubid Sultanate, the Mamluk Sultanate, the Ottoman Empire, the Supreme Muslim Council of British Palestine, and during the Jordanian occupation of the West Bank. Since the beginning of the ongoing Israeli occupation of the West Bank, the mosque has remained under the independent administration of the Jerusalem Islamic Waqf.Al-Aqsa Mosque is located in close proximity to various historical and holy sites in Judaism and Christianity, most notably that of the Temple in Jerusalem. The entire area has consequently held high geopolitical significance, and has been a primary flashpoint in the Israeli–Palestinian conflict.The 1965 All-Ireland Junior Hurling Championship was the 44th staging of the All-Ireland Junior Championship since its establishment by the Gaelic Athletic Association in 1912.Down entered the championship as the defending champions, however, they were beaten by Armagh in the Ulster final.The All-Ireland final was played on 3 October 1965 at St. Coman's Park in Roscommon, between Roscommon and Armagh, in what was their first ever meeting in the final. Roscommon won the match by 3-10 to 2-11 to claim their first championship title.Paradoxipus orzeliscoides is a species of tardigrade. It is the only species in the genus Paradoxipus, part of the family Halechiniscidae and the subfamily Orzeliscinae. The species has been found in the coastal waters of the southeastern United States, in the western part of the Atlantic Ocean. The genus and the species were named and described by Reinhardt Kristensen and Robert P. Higgins in 1989.Jean-François Hubert, (February 23, 1739 – October 17, 1797), bishop of Quebec, trained at the Sulpician seminary in Montreal. He was taken under the protection of Bishop Dubreil and served for a time as the bishop's secretary.The Belgian Revolution (French: Révolution belge, Dutch: Belgische Revolutie/opstand/omwenteling) was the conflict which led to the secession of the southern provinces (mainly the former Southern Netherlands) from the United Kingdom of the Netherlands and the establishment of an independent Kingdom of Belgium.
The people of the south were mainly Flemings and Walloons. Both peoples were traditionally Roman Catholic as contrasted with Protestant-dominated (Dutch Reformed) people of the north. Many outspoken liberals regarded King William I's rule as despotic. There were high levels of unemployment and industrial unrest among the working classes.On 25 August 1830, riots erupted in Brussels and shops were looted. Theatregoers who had just watched the nationalistic opera La muette de Portici joined the mob. Uprisings followed elsewhere in the country. Factories were occupied and machinery destroyed. Order was restored briefly after William committed troops to the Southern Provinces but rioting continued and leadership was taken up by radicals, who started talking of secession.Dutch units saw the mass desertion of recruits from the southern provinces and pulled out. The States-General in Brussels voted in favour of secession and declared independence. In the aftermath, a National Congress was assembled. King William refrained from future military action and appealed to the Great Powers. The resulting 1830 London Conference of major European powers recognized Belgian independence. Following the installation of Leopold I as "King of the Belgians" in 1831, King William made a belated attempt to reconquer Belgium and restore his position through a military campaign. This "Ten Days' Campaign" failed because of French military intervention. The Dutch accepted the decision of the London conference and Belgian independence in 1839 by signing the Treaty of London.Quicksales (typeset as quicksales) was an online auction site based in Australia, and the second largest auction website in Australia. At one point there were more than 1.8 million items available for auction or purchase and over 515,000 member accounts. The site was defunct as of 2018.The Sunshine Coast Cricket Club is a cricket club on the Sunshine Coast, Queensland, Australia. They play in the Queensland Premier Cricket competition. They were founded in 1990.Laura Mercier (born Michèle Mercier on 2 October 1960) is a French makeup artist and businesswoman.U 11 is the Rundata designation for a runestone that is located near the ruins of the old king's dwelling at Alsnö hus near Hovgården on the island of Adelsö in Sweden.Gurdwara Likhansar Sahib is an historical Gurdwara situated in Talwandi Sabo (District Bhathinda) in Punjab, India.Żychlin [ˈʐɨxlin] (other rarely used names include Zechlin and Zichlin) is a town in Kutno County, Łódź Voivodeship, Poland, about 50 north of Łódź and 90 kilometres (56 miles) west of Warsaw. It has 7,964 inhabitants (2020).Time Masters may refer to

The Time Masters, a science fiction novel by Wilson Tucker
Time Masters, a 1995 novel by Gary Blackwood
Les Maîtres du temps, a Franco-Hungarian animated science fiction film
Time Masters, a DC comic book series starring Rip Hunter
Time Masters, an organization appearing in Legends of Tomorrow
Time Masters (game show), a 1996–98 Australian kids game show for Seven NetworkThe Twelfth Amendment of the Constitution Bill 1992 was a failed proposal to amend the Constitution of Ireland, to exclude the risk of suicide as sufficient reason to legally allow an abortion. It was rejected in a referendum on 25 November 1992.
The Thirteenth and Fourteenth Amendments were approved in referendums on the same day. As these could not be renamed, there has been no enacted Twelfth Amendment of the constitution.Begur may refer to:

Begur, Bangalore, Karnataka, India
Begur, Dharwad, Karnataka, India
Begur, Gundlupet, Karnataka, India
Begur, Catalonia, SpainEvents from the year 1821 in Sweden.Breaking Pangaea was an American emo pop band from Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, United States. The band gained a small but passionate following from early 2000 to 2003, especially among college students. 
The band released their debut EP and full length album on Florida's Undecided Records and released a follow up EP on Equal Vision Records.HMS Rooke was a shore establishment of the British Armed Forces in Gibraltar from 1946 to 1990.
Located on Queensway near King's Bastion, the base replaced the Royal Navy Gibraltar Squadron's HMS Cormorant and became a Joint Service Base. The Royal Navy closed the base and paid it off in 1996 and it became headquarters for the Gibraltar Defence Police until their move to the HM Naval Base. The base was named after Admiral George Rooke who led the Anglo-Dutch Capture of Gibraltar in 1704.
The Gibraltar Squadron's headquarters is located further south at PJOB Gibraltar.
The entire complex has since been demolished.The Kennedy House (also known as the Bethune-Kennedy House) is a historic residence in Abbeville, Alabama.  The house was built around 1870 by William Calvin Bethune, a local physician.  The house changed hands several times before being acquired by William and Mollie Kennedy in 1885.  The Kennedys, who were Henry County farmers, used it as a town house.  It remained in the family until 1974, when it was purchased by the local Board of Education.  The house was later owned by the Abbeville Chamber of Commerce.
The house was built in Creole cottage style, common along the Gulf coast, but more rare inland.  The side gable roof has exterior chimneys in each end, and also covers a full-width front porch.  A tall frieze is supported by four Doric columns, with matching pilasters on the corners of the house.  Twin six-panel entry doors open into separate rooms, each of which contains an original fireplace mantel.  The northern room has an enclosed stair hall leading to the finished attic space.  The rear originally had a porch and breezeway connected to a kitchen, however this was removed in the early 1900s and replaced with an addition containing bedrooms.  This addition was removed in the 1970s by the Board of Education.The house was listed on the Alabama Register of Landmarks and Heritage in 1976 and the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.Geeta Poduval (born November 10) is a social entrepreneur, motivational speaker, counsellor and activist for disabled people. She is the Founder-Director of DRZYA, a firm that brings disabled and unique performances, talks and workshops from across the world on one platform. Through DRZYA, she scouts for talent among specially abled, trains them and provides them a platform to perform and earn a livelihood. She is also the Founder-Trustee of Drzyashakti Trust, an NGO for the services of disabled people. In the past, she has been a film and TV actress, anchor and CAG Senior Audit Officer (Comptroller and Auditor General - India's national and state audit authority). The two notable films to her credit are Sukumarji's Kandethal (Malayalam) and Madhu Kaithapram's Vellivelichathil (Malayalam).Methylmalonate semialdehyde dehydrogenase may refer to:

Methylmalonate-semialdehyde dehydrogenase (acylating)
ALDH6A1Benelux Cup or Benelux Friendship Cup, is a defunct friendly football club tournament.The Millwall Freehold Land and Dock Company was a 19th-century company set up to develop the central area of the Isle of Dogs in London's East End. Originally called the Millwall Canal, Wharfs and Graving Docks Company, the Act for the incorporation of the company received royal assent on 25 July 1864.The plans that led to the foundation of the Millwall Freehold Land and Dock Company were first devised by Nathaniel Fenner and Robert Fairlie.William Pugsley  (September 27, 1850 – March 3, 1925) was a politician and lawyer in New Brunswick, Canada.The Randolph Freedpeople, also called the Randolph Slaves, were 383 slaves who were manumitted in the will of their master, John Randolph of Roanoke.The disappearance of Peng Shuai occurred after 2 November 2021 when tennis star Peng Shuai accused former Chinese Vice Premier Zhang Gaoli of sexual assault three years earlier. Peng and Zhang had purportedly been involved in an extramarital affair both before and after the incident, and their relationship ended shortly before her post. Information about her story was censored by the Chinese government. Afterwards, Peng disappeared from public view in what was suspected but not proved to be a forced disappearance. She showed up in state media two weeks later. E-mails and interview publications have depicted her denying that she made the accusation of sexual assault. The incident elicited international concern over her safety, whereabouts, and ability to communicate freely, to the point the WTA suspended all events in China.

Gordon McKenzie Munro (17 December 1893 – 16 April 1951) was an  Australian rules footballer who played with St Kilda in the Victorian Football League (VFL).Prairie Township is an inactive township in Howard County, in the U.S. state of Missouri.Prairie Township was named for the prairie lands within its borders.The Alternate Source, also known as The Alternate Source Programmer's Journal, was a magazine of technical programming articles, most of which were at the assembly language level, focused on the TRS-80 Model I and Model III. A few articles related to the TRS-80 Color Computer.It was published by Charlie W. Butler (d. September 11, 2014) and Joni M. Kosloski of The Alternate Source, a major TRS-80 software publisher, from around 1980 to around 1983.  TAS was known for the high intensity level of its articles and as such was the "prestige" technical journal of the time.  Among its contributors were Jake Commander, Jack Decker, Bruce Hansen, Larry Kingsbury, Dennis Kitsz, Steven Kovitz, Alan Moluf, Troy L. Pierce, and Gordon Williams.
The meaning behind the name "The Alternate Source" is that TAS set itself up as being an alternative to the official software and information coming from Radio Shack, the manufacturer of the TRS-80.Shaun Hampson (born 21 March 1988) is a former Australian rules footballer who played 98 games across a 12-year career with the Carlton and Richmond Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL).Kobylice is a municipality and village in Hradec Králové District in the Hradec Králové Region of the Czech Republic. It has about 300 inhabitants.Katzenthal (French pronunciation: [katsəntal] (listen)) is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.The 1992 Torneo Godó was the 40th edition of the Torneo Godó annual men's tennis tournament played on clay courts in Barcelona, Catalonia, Spain and part of the Championship Series of the 1992 ATP Tour. The tournament took place from 6 April through 12 April 1992, and Carlos Costa won the singles title.Erudio Student Loans is a consortium formed by debt collectors Arrow Global and private equity firm CarVal Investors in 2013.
The firm was the successful bidder in an auction to buy non-performing U.K. student loans in 2013, paying £160m to buy debts of £890m taken out between 1990 and 1998. Of the loans purchased, 46% of the borrowers were earning below the amount at which they were required to make payments, 14% were making payments and 40% were not making any payments.The Independent noted that debt collectors Arrow performed very poorly during the credit crunch and that similar organisations had a reputation for unwarranted threatening letters, phone calls and visits;  David Willetts had ignored the implications for former students, his prime objective was to reduce public debt. CarVal Investors, private equity firm provided most of the cash.The siege of Diu occurred when an army of the Sultanate of Gujarat under Khadjar Safar, aided by forces of the Ottoman Empire, attempted to capture the city of Diu in 1538, then held by the Portuguese. The Portuguese successfully resisted the four months long siege. It is part of the Ottoman-Portuguese war.

Team WE, formerly known as World Elite, is a Chinese esports organisation based in Xi'an. It is one of the oldest esports organisations in China.Radloff is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

Frank Kenneth Radloff (1916–1995), merchant and political figure in Saskatchewan
Friedrich Wilhelm Radloff (1837–1918), German-born Russian founder of Turkology, a scientific study of Turkic peoples
Stan Radloff (1919–2009), former Australian rules footballer
Toby Radloff (born 1957), former file clerk who appears in Cleveland writer Harvey Pekar's comic book American Splendor
Wayne Radloff (born 1961), former professional American football offensive linemanJohn Taylor (25 September 1942 – 17 July 2015) was a British jazz pianist, born in Manchester, England, who occasionally performed on the organ and the synthesizer.

Isabel Scott Rorick (1900–1967) was an American writer known for her comedic book Mr. and Mrs. Cugat, which was one of the top ten best selling books in the United States in 1941.
Rorick was born in Toledo, Ohio in 1900.  Her involvement in the local Junior League newsletter in the mid-1930s eventually led to her contributing fictional sketches to the national Junior League publication.  Her stories about the married Cugat couple, a young bank executive and his wife, led to interest by Houghton Mifflin, and ten sketches complete with illustrations were published in October 1940 as Mr. and Mrs. Cugat, the Record of a Happy Marriage.  It became one of the best selling books of 1941.  It was also made into a movie in 1942, Are Husbands Necessary? starring Ray Milland and Betty Field as the Cugats.Rorick published a follow-up collection of Cugat stories, Outside Eden, in November 1945.  In 1948, the radio show My Favorite Husband based on the Cugat stories debuted on CBS Radio.  Lucille Ball and Richard Denning played the Cugats, though their last name was soon changed to Cooper to avoid confusion with bandleader Xavier Cugat.  When CBS asked Ball to do a television version of the show, she insisted that her husband Desi Arnaz play her husband on the show.  Since Arnaz could not pull off the role of a midwestern banker, the show was reworked into what became I Love Lucy.
Rorick's husband, Ceilan H. Rorick, a banker in the Spitzer-Rorick Trust and Savings Bank of Toledo, died in June 1958.  Rorick died in 1967.  They are buried in Woodlawn Cemetery in Toledo.  The couple had two children, Horton and Elizabeth (Mimi).Gökbel, Kızılcahamam is a village in the District of Kızılcahamam, Ankara Province, Turkey.Queen of Songs is a studio album by Filipino singer-actress Nora Aunor released in 1972 by Alpha Records Corporation in the Philippines in LP format and later released in 1999 in a compilation/ cd format. it contains 12 tracks consisting of mainly cover versions of Connie Francis (Everybody's Somebody's Fool and Who's Sorry Now), Carole King (Sweet Seasons)and Petula Clark (You and I and Love Me With All Your Heart). She also ventured into singing foreign language tunes in Spanish (Lo Siento Mucho) and in Japanese (Here's My Happiness). The latter was originally sung by Teddy Tanaka and covered also famously by Nora Aunor's sometime singing partner Eddie Peregrina. The Irving Berlin penned Sayonara from the 1957 film of the same name, while Japanese in theme, is fully in English. On the other hand, Love Me With All Your Heart,  was originally a Spanish song, Cuando calienta el sol. The same can be said of The Wedding which was originally a Spanish tune named La Novia (the Bride).
The extended version of Nora Aunor's famous Coca-Cola commercial, I'd Like To Teach The World To Sing is also included here.The community of Halifax, Nova Scotia was created on 1 April 1996, when the City of Dartmouth, the City of Halifax, the Town of Bedford, and the County of Halifax amalgamated and formed the Halifax Regional Municipality. The former City of Halifax was dissolved, and transformed into the Community of Halifax within the municipality.
As of 2021, the community has 156,141 inhabitants within an area of 61.961 km2 (23.923 sq mi).Placement Group C of the 1998 Fed Cup Americas Zone Group II was one of six pools in the Americas Zone Group I of the 1998 Fed Cup. The three teams that placed third in the initial pools competed in a round robin competition, with the teams placing second and third relegated to Group II for 1999.Lance Davids (born 11 April 1985) is a South African former professional footballer who played as a midfielder.Eugène Marsan (1882–1936) was a French author and literary critic. He won the Prix Vitet from the Académie française in 1936.The alkaline magma series is a chemically distinct range of magma compositions that describes the evolution of an alkaline mafic magma into a more evolved, silica-rich end member.Battle of Saint Gotthard was fought on 13 December 1705 between a Hungarian (Kuruc) army led by János Bottyán and an Austrian-Croatian-Serbian combined army under the command of Hannibal von Heister. The battle took place at Szentgotthárd (West-Hungary, County Vas) and Nagyfalva (Mogersdorf) (today Austria), near the Austro-Hungarian border. The result of the battle was a Hungarian victory.
On 2 November 1705 János Bottyán actuated the Hungarian campaign in Transdanubia. Before that he had only 8,000 soldiers at Kecskemét but this number later increased to 30,000 men.
On 10 December Kőszeg capitulated and Bottyán moved to Szentgotthárd, where Heister was. The Kuruc Army between Mogersdorf and Szentgotthárd attacked the Austrians (the Habsburg troops was also consisted of several Croatian and Serbian corps).
After the battle Heister headed for Stadtschlaining (Szalonak) and the Dunántúl was freed.Aleksandr Fyodorovich Rittikh or Alexander Rittich (Russian: Александр Фёдорович Риттих) (1831 — 1914?) was an Imperial Russian general, cartographer, ethnographer and journalist, adherent of the Panslavism. Father of Aleksandr Aleksandrovich Rittikh.This page contains the number of cases of coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) reported by each country and territory to the World Health Organization in June 2021 and published in the latter's daily 'situation reports'.For other months see COVID-19 pandemic cases. There is also a column there listing the date of the first case for each country. For more international statistics in table and map form see COVID-19 pandemic by country and territory.Chanaka Devinda (born 25 June 1997) is a Sri Lankan cricketer. He made his List A debut for Kilinochchi District in the 2016–17 Districts One Day Tournament on 19 March 2017. He made his first-class debut for Saracens Sports Club in the 2017–18 Premier League Tournament on 6 February 2018. He made his Twenty20 debut for Lankan Cricket Club in the 2018–19 SLC Twenty20 Tournament on 16 February 2019.Edward "DJ Eddie F" Ferrell (born March 25, 1968) is an American producer, DJ, songwriter, executive and entrepreneur. He is co-founder and partner of the rap group Heavy D & the Boyz.
He is also mostly known for his various work and projects serving as the founder and owner of Untouchables Entertainment Group, Untouchables Records, numerous major label clients and their artists.

Events in the year 2010 in Gabon.New Milford is a village in Winnebago County, Illinois, United States on the south bank of the Kishwaukee River overlooking the south side of Rockford. It is part of the Rockford, Illinois Metropolitan Statistical Area. The population was 697 at the 2010 census, up from 541 in 2000.Dibernardia affinis is a species of snake in the family Colubridae. The species is native to Brazil.Bungalow 2 is a novel by Danielle Steel, published by Delacorte Press in June 2007. The book is Steel's seventy-second novel.Maggie Porter Cole (1853–1942) was a first-generation-freed slave, and she is most notable as an original member of the Fisk Jubilee Singers, one of only four members to participate in all three of the original tours by the group.  She was known for her vocal talents as a soprano and also worked as a schoolteacher.

"For Blood" is the eighth episode and first-part finale of the eleventh season of the post-apocalyptic horror television series The Walking Dead. The 161st episode of the series overall, the episode was directed by Sharat Raju and written by Erik Mountain. "For Blood" was released on the streaming platform AMC+ on October 3, 2021, before airing on AMC on October 10, 2021.In the episode, Maggie (Lauren Cohan), Negan (Jeffrey Dean Morgan), and Gabriel (Seth Gilliam) lead a herd to Meridian and sneak in among the confusion, while the Reapers, led by Pope (Ritchie Coster) and joined by Daryl (Norman Reedus) and Leah (Lynn Collins), try to fend them off. At Alexandria, the survivors attempt to wait out a violent storm when part of the wall falls down, letting walkers into the community. The episode has received positive reviews from critics.Miechów [ˈmjɛxuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Perzów, within Kępno County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Perzów, 15 km (9 mi) west of Kępno, and 140 km (87 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.The Désirade skink (Mabuya desiradae) is a species of skink found in Guadeloupe.Thomas de Paep (ca. 1628–1630, Mechelen – 1670, Mechelen) was a Flemish painter who specialised in still lifes and in particular fruit still lifes.  He was active in Mechelen.Farmanfarmaian is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

Abdol-Ali Mirza Farmanfarmaian (1932–1973), Qajar prince
Abdol-Aziz Mirza Farmanfarmaian (1920–2013), Iranian architect
Monir Shahroudy Farmanfarmaian (1922–2019), Iranian artist
Sattareh Farmanfarmaian (1921–2012), Qajar princessKathleen is a female given name, used in English- and Irish-language communities. Sometimes spelled Cathleen, it is an Anglicized form of Caitlín, the Irish form of Cateline, which was the Old French form of Catherine. It ultimately derives from the Greek name Aikaterine, the meaning of which is highly debated (see Katherine).  Kathleen was the 8th most popular girls' name in Ireland in 1911, but by 1965 it had sunk to number 18.Nomads is a Canadian virtual reality documentary project, which was released in 2016 on the Samsung Gear VR platform. Produced by Felix & Paul Studios, the series consists of three short immersive video films exploring the daily life and culture of nomadic human cultures.Herders depicts a family of yak herders in Mongolia, Maasai profiles the Maasai people of Kenya, and Sea Gypsies visits the Sama-Bajau people of Borneo. All three films premiered at the Sundance Film Festival in 2015 or 2016 before being packaged and distributed as a virtual reality app.
At the 5th Canadian Screen Awards in 2017, the series won the award for Best Immersive Experience.The Soul Bowl is an American college football rivalry between Jackson State and Alcorn State. Mississippi's two largest historically black colleges and universities have played over 80 times in the game dating back to the late 1920s. The game has carried the unofficial moniker "the Soul Bowl" since the late 1970s. JSU currently holds a 48-37-2 lead in the series which has included some of the greatest names in college football. From 1993 to 2011, the game was dubbed the "Capital City Classic" and held in Jackson annually before it was moved to an alternating schedule between Jackson and Lorman in 2012. During the 2020 season, Alcorn State, after choosing to forgo its season, the SWAC ruled that all their scheduled games would result in forfeits.

Michael Accorsi Zunino (born March 25, 1991) is an American professional baseball catcher for the Cleveland Guardians of Major League Baseball (MLB). He has previously played in MLB for the Seattle Mariners and Tampa Bay Rays.
Before beginning his professional career, Zunino played college baseball at the University of Florida, where he won the Dick Howser Trophy, Golden Spikes Award, and Johnny Bench Award in his junior year. The Mariners selected Zunino with the third overall pick in the 2012 MLB draft. He made his MLB debut in 2013.

Nelson Agostini Xavier (30 August 1941 – 10 May 2017) was a Brazilian actor. He appeared in more than 95 films and television shows between 1959 and 2017. He starred in the 1964 film Os Fuzis, which won the Silver Bear Extraordinary Jury Prize at the 14th Berlin International Film Festival.In 1976 Xavier co-directed A Queda along with Ruy Guerra, a sequel to Os Fuzis. It was entered into the 28th Berlin International Film Festival, where it won the Silver Bear – Special Jury Prize.Xavier died on 10 May 2017 in Uberlândia, Minas Gerais, of a lung disease.  He was 75.Windows NTexplorer (ISSN 1466-2051) was a monthly UK trade magazine for IT professionals. Its online portal, complete with a digital version of the print publication, was launched in 1998 and is still available as an archive.
In August 2000, Duke Communications, the owner of Windows NTexplorer Magazine announced it would be sold to Penton Media and the magazine would be closed in late 2000, with the title becoming a digital only publication.Windows NTexplorer Magazine's sister web sites include Paul Thurrott's SuperSite for Windows, SQL Server Pro, SharePoint Pro, Dev Pro, and myITforum.com.Super Speedway is a 1997 documentary racing film chronicling one man's quest to get his new Champ Car Lola chassis up to speed, and another's goal of rebuilding an old 1964 roadster once driven by the legendary Mario Andretti.  The film was directed by renowned IMAX director Stephen Low and produced by Pietro Serapiglia. It was narrated by Paul Newman (who was himself an avid racer and co-owner of Newman/Haas Racing).  It first premiered at IMAX theaters nationwide.Ystradgynlais railway station served the town of Ystradgynlais in the traditional county of Breconshire, Wales. Opened in 1869 by the Swansea Vale and Neath and Brecon Junction Railway, it was eventually absorbed by the Midland Railway which closed it to passengers in 1932 although the line through the station remained open for freight for some time after that.Calosoma linelli is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae. It was described by Mutchler in 1925.Qaleh Sangi (Persian: قلعه سنگي, also Romanized as Qal‘eh Sangī) is a village in Robat Rural District, in the Central District of Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 979, in 199 families.Redfield College was an institution of higher learning located in Redfield, South Dakota. The college was sponsored by the "Northern Association of Congregational Churches," an alliance of Congregational groups in the north-central area of South Dakota. Redfield College opened in September 1887 (1887-09) and graduated its first class in 1894.Frederica Chase Dodd (November 3, 1893 – January 21, 1972) was an American educator, social worker, and clubwoman, one of the founders of Delta Sigma Theta.Ascendant Sun is a novel which tells the story of how Kelric made it back to Earth, to become Imperator of the Skolian Empire and lead his people towards peace with the Eubians in the Saga of the Skolian Empire series by Catherine Asaro.Louisville Thunder was an indoor soccer club based in Louisville, Kentucky that was one of the founding clubs competing in the American Indoor Soccer Association. Peter Mahlock served as President and General Manager and Keith Tozer was the head coach.  During the first season Tozer moved from just coaching to logging shifts as a player/coach.  In their debut season of 1984–1985, goalkeeper Rick Schweizer won the 'Goalkeeper of the Year' award, and made it on to the All-Star team.  The Louisville Thunder played its home games at the Broadbent Arena.
However, in 1987 after winning the AISA league championship over the Canton Invaders, the team disbanded due to ownership problems.
The team did produce several league all-stars during its existence including Rick Schweizer, Zoran Savic, Art Hughes and Chris Hellenkamp.The Orchestre de chambre de Paris (OCP) is a French chamber orchestra based in Paris.  The orchestra performs throughout Paris with concerts at the Philharmonie de Paris, where it is a resident ensemble, and also at such venues as the Théâtre des Champs-Élysées, the Théâtre du Châtelet, the Bataclan, and the Opéra Comique.Noval is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

Benjamín Noval (born 1979), Spanish bicycle racer
Luis Martínez Noval (1948–2013), Spanish economist and politician
Tomás Noval (1914–1981), Cuban baseball playerComplete results for Women's Super-G competition at the 2009 World Championships.  It was run on February 3, the first race of the championships.Players who neither had high enough rankings nor received wild cards to enter the main draw of the annual French Open Tennis Championships participated in a qualifying tournament held in the week before the event.Varsity View Magazine is a monthly publication for the Omaha, Nebraska metro area of the United States. It was founded in 2002 delivers High School news.  In every issue of the Varsity View there are profiles of students that excel in combined sports and academics. Varsity View has articles on health and fitness and articles on how to finance college education. The publication includes puzzles, games and advice columns as well as all the latest men's and women's sport schedules from the freshman to the varsity. Varsity View  is distributed at all of the area high schools as well as 186 different Omaha Metro businesses.Carlowrightia henricksonii is a species of flowering plant native to the far north of Tamaulipas in northeastern Mexico. Like other members of the genus, commonly known as wrightworts, it is small shrub bearing inflorescences of lily-like flowers. No subspecies are listed in Catalog of Life. It was first collected for scientific description by Marshall Conring Johnston and J. Crutchfield in 1960 and described by T.F. Daniel in 1983.  It is named for American botanist James Solberg Henrickson.Michael William Warfel (born September 16, 1948) is an American prelate of the Roman Catholic Church serving as the bishop of the Diocese of Great Falls-Billings in Montana since 2007.  He served as bishop of the Diocese of Juneau in Alaska from 1996 to 2007.James Murray was a Republican politician from the state of Ohio. He was Ohio Attorney General in 1861 and 1862.
James Murray was born in Scotland about 1830. In 1831, when about a year old, his family moved to Sidney, Ohio.  He was educated in the public schools, and admitted to the bar in 1851. He immediately relocated to Perrysburg, Ohio. He was elected Ohio Attorney General in 1860, and served one term. He remained a resident of Wood County, Ohio until the close of his term, and then returned to Sidney, where he died in 1879. The only other political office he ever held was as mayor of Perrysburg.

Greatest Hits is a compilation album by English reggae group UB40, released in 2008. The album includes all 21 tracks from 11 studio albums and the compilation The Best of UB40: Volume Two.Bray-sur-Somme (French pronunciation: ​[bʁɛ syʁ sɔm], literally Bray on Somme) is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.The 1685 English general election elected the only parliament of James II of England, known as the Loyal Parliament. This was the first time the pejorative words Whig and Tory were used as names for political groupings in the Parliament of England. Party strengths are an approximation, with many MPs' allegiances being unknown.
513 Members of Parliament were returned across 53 counties and 217 boroughs in England and Wales, most returning two members. Only 15 counties and 57 boroughs (a total of 100 seats) had contested elections, with the other candidates being returned unopposed. One borough had a double return, where multiple members were recorded elected, and another was subsequently voided by Parliament, forcing a by-election.

While the number of seats had not changed from the previous election, their electorate had been substantially altered by royal influence. Following the Exclusion crisis, ninety-nine boroughs had received new charters, the aim being to eliminate the influence of the Whigs. The Whigs also lost seats in county constituencies - which were not liable to charter manipulation - dropping from around sixty county seats in 1681 to only eight.In the new parliament, the Tories now had their own majority in both houses, Commons and Lords. The exact breakdown of members returned at the election is not clear, but of the 525 members who served during the 1685-89 Parliamentary term, including those elected at later by-elections, 468 are estimated as Tories and 57 as Whigs. This estimate does not treat any members as uncommitted, and up to 30% of members were recorded as inactive.The election had significant effects on Parliament demographically as well as politically. The newly elected members were mostly inexperienced, with slightly over half never having sat in Parliament before. The majority of these would stand down or lose their seats at the subsequent election in 1689. Members were much more likely to be High Church Anglicans, with very few Presbyterians or Independents compared to other Parliaments of the period. There was an unusually high share of government officials and military officers, and fewer country gentry. Two minors were elected, Peter Legh and the Hon. Thomas Windsor, aged 15 and 16 respectively.The Municipal Building of Texarkana, Arkansas, is located at Walnut and Third Streets in the downtown of the city.  It was built between 1927 and 1930 to a design by Witt, Seibert & Halsey, which has elements of the Collegiate Gothic and Art Deco styles.  The building houses a large auditorium in the center, with city offices in one wing and the main fire station in the other.  It also houses the city jail.  The building is located about three blocks from the state line with Texarkana, Texas.  The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.James Kenneth Harold Graham (born November 25, 1941) is a former American football safety who played seven seasons as a professional with the American Football League's San Diego Chargers and with the National Football League's Cincinnati Bengals and Pittsburgh Steelers.  Graham was an AFL All-Star in 1965, 1967, 1968 and 1969.This game is not to be confused with the similarly titled Animaniacs: Ten Pin Alley, which was developed by Saffire.Ten Pin Alley is a ten-pin bowling simulation game released by ASC Games in 1996 and developed internally at Adrenalin Entertainment.
The game was released on November 30, 1996 in North America, and eventually released in February 1998 in the United Kingdom. Just before its North American release, Sony selected the game's demo to be included on its PlayStation sampler disc.
A sequel to the game entitled Ten Pin Alley 2, by an unknown developer, was mooted for a release on the PlayStation 2, but for unknown reasons was shelved. The sequel, developed by Pronto Games and published by XS Games, was released on the Game Boy Advance to dismal reviews.
Ten Pin Alley should not be confused with an audio game with the same title made by PCS Games.Grevillea erythroclada, commonly called needle-leaf grevillea, is a species of flowering plant in the family Proteaceae and is endemic to northern Australia. It is a shrub or small tree with divided leaves, the ultimate lobes linear to more or less cylindrical, and clusters of cream-coloured to pale yellow flowers.Uttar Sonakhali is a village in Pirojpur District in the Barisal Division of southwestern Bangladesh.The 1990 Asian Junior Women's Volleyball Championship was held in Chiang Mai, Thailand from ? – December to 10 December 1990Iola or IOLA may refer to:

Iola, the nom de plume of African-American writer Ida B. Wells
Iola (steamboat 1885), a steamboat active on Puget Sound from 1885 to 1915
Interest on Lawyer Trust Accounts, a method of raising money for charitable purposes in the United States
Myrmarachne, a genus of jumping spidersHilda Mary Lazarus CBE, MStJ, MRCS, FRCSE (23 January 1890 - died 1978) was a Christian missionary and popular gynecologist and obstetrician in India. She was Principal of Andhra Medical College and Superintendent of King George Hospital at Visakhapatnam. She was also the first Indian director of Christian Medical College and Hospital at Vellore.Anaspidomorphi (anaspidomorphs) is an extinct superclass of jawless fish.
According to the newer taxonomy based on the work of Nelson, Grande and Wilson 2016 and van der Laan 2018, the phylogeny of Anaspidomorphi looks like this:

Superclass †Anaspidomorphi
Order †Euphanerida
Family †Euphaneropidae Woodward 1900
Order †Jamoytiiformes Halstead-Tarlo 1967
Family †Achanarellidae Newman 2002
Family †Jamoytiidae White 1946
Class †Anaspida Janvier 1996 non Williston 1917
Order †Endeiolepidiformes Berg 1940
Family †Endeiolepididae Stensio 1939
Order †Birkeniiformes Stensiö 1964
Family †Pharyngolepididae Kiær 1924
Family †Pterygolepididae Obručhev 1964
Family †Rhyncholepididae Kiær 1924
Family †Tahulalepididae Blom, Märss & Miller 2002
Family †Lasaniidae Goodrich 1909
Family †Ramsaasalepididae Blom, Märss & Miller 2003
Family †Birkeniidae Traquair 1899
Family †Septentrioniidae Blom, Märss & Miller 2002David Buchholz (born 5 August 1984) is a German former professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper.The Descent of Mary (Γεννα Μαριας or "Genna Marias") is a minor work of the New Testament apocrypha which is only known through mention in the Panarion of Epiphanius of Salamis, who gives a short passage. Epiphanius attributes the tale to the Gnostics.The excerpt purports to be the story about the death of Zechariah, the father of John the Baptist, who is supposed to have seen a vision of a man "in the form of an ass" while burning incense in the temple. When he emerges, he is unable to speak at first, but when he is able to relate the vision, those about him kill him. The story is consonant with other Gnostic writings and depiction of Gnostic thought in the writings of Origen, as well as with  the Gospel of James; but there is no other testimony to this particular tale.
Scholars have suggested a 2nd-century date to the text.Frank Haynes Luxford (3 May 1862, in Wellington – 1 November 1954, in Wellington) was a New Zealand cricketer who played four first-class matches for the Wellington Firebirds in the 1880s.Domonique Simone (born June 18, 1971, in Valdosta, Georgia) is an African-American adult actress.
At the age of 17, Simone won a scholarship to the Fashion Institute of Design and Merchandising. At the age of 18, in 1989, she answered an ad for figure modeling and soon found herself shooting for pornographic magazines like Hustler and Players.Simone is noted for being one of the top black starlets in the business, starring in more than 200 movies during the 1990s. 
She had large breast implants partway through her career.  Her most recent film/video appearances were in My Baby Got Back 21 (2000) and Booty Talk 17 (2000), with Lexington Steele, her last film. As of 2006, she has retired from making movies, works as a loan officer, and raises her two children.In 2007, Simone was inducted into the AVN Hall of Fame.Old World is a historical turn-based strategy 4X video game developed by Mohawk Games for Microsoft Windows and macOS, released on July 1, 2021, and for Steam and GOG alongside Linux support on May 19, 2022.

Kokshetau (Kazakh: Көкшетау / [køkɕetɑw] / — «Blueish Mountain») is a city in Akmola Region, Kazakhstan, which may consist of :

the City of Kokshetau
the Kokshetau City Administration
the Kokshetau Region, former administrative division in Kazakh Soviet Socialist Republic and later KazakhstanKokshetau may also refer to:

Kokshetau Hills, a mountain system of the Kazakh Uplands
Kokshetau Lakes, a lake group in Akmola and Northern Kazakhstan regions
Kokshetau Mountains, a small mountain range in Akmola Region, highest point Mount Kokshe
Kokshetau National Park, a protected area in Akmola and Karaganda regions, Kazakhstan
Kokshetau Airport, an airport in Akmola Region, Kazakhstan
Kokshetau-1 station
Kokshetau-2 stationOrdre des Avocats de Guinée (Lawyer's Order of Guinea) is a union of lawyers in Guinea. The General Secretary of the council of the order is Boubacar Sow.Karl-Heinz Schlüter (5 March 1920 – 20 December 1995) was a German classical pianist.Frank Douglas Howarth Joy (26 September 1880 – 17 February 1966) played first-class cricket for Europeans cricket teams in India and then for Somerset. He was born at Hessle, Yorkshire and died at Winchester, Hampshire.
Educated at Winchester College and at New College, Oxford, Joy played as a right-handed tail-end batsman and a left-arm fast-medium bowler in one of the trial matches for the Oxford University cricket team of 1901, but was not selected for a first-class game. From 1906, Joy was employed as a tutor in the household of the Rajah of Dhar in India and then on the staff of the Central India College. In September 1908, he played in three first-class cricket matches for the Europeans team, taking 28 wickets in the three matches, including 10 in a match twice. In his first game, against the Parsees in the Bombay Presidency Match in Pune, Joy took seven Parsee wickets for 86 runs in the first innings, and followed that with three for 92 in the second for match figures of 10 for 178: the Parsees still won the match. He was less successful in his second game, against the Parsees again, this time in the Bombay Triangular Tournament, with seven wickets in the match including five for 29 in the first innings, but the Europeans won the match. Finally, in the tournament final, Joy had both his best match and innings bowling performances: seven for 24 followed by four for 50, for a match return of 11 for 74, and the Europeans won the trophy.From 1909, Joy returned to the UK and played a few matches in each of the next four seasons for Somerset, though with limited success. His matches in 1910 and 1911 all came late in the season, indicating that he had become a schoolmaster, and only in the last match of 1910, against Yorkshire did he develop anything like his Indian form, finishing with an innings return of five for 44 in a rain-ruined match. There were a further four matches in 1911 without success and in 1912 his sole appearance was against the Australians: he scored 6 and 7 and failed to take a wicket. That was Joy's last first-class cricket match.
His obituary in Wisden Cricketers' Almanack in 1967 states that he was the father of Nancy Joy (Sylvia Nancy Wansborough, 1915–1997), who was prominent in women's cricket and wrote books about it.Gushnaspdād, known in Byzantine sources as Gousanastadēs (Γουσαναστάδης), was a Sasanian nobleman, who was kanarang during the reign of Balash (r. 484–488), and Kavad I (r. 488–531).Heldeberg Designs was an American aircraft manufacturer, headquartered in Altamont, New York. The company specialized in powered parachutes.Originally marketing under its own name, the company marketed its aircraft under the band name Blue Heron Powered Parachutes.The company ceased manufacturing the Blue Heron line of powered parachutes in 2010. By early 2013 the company website stated: "After over 17 years of serving the aviation community, Heldeberg Designs LLC is wrapping up it's [sic] operations and will no longer be manufacturing Blue Heron Powered Parachutes nor parts. We would like to thank all of our patrons and feel fortunate to have made so many friends around the world."Falling Down is a 1993 American action film directed by Joel Schumacher, written by Ebbe Roe Smith and released by Warner Bros. in the United States on February 26, 1993. The film stars Michael Douglas in the lead role of William Foster, a divorced and unemployed former defense engineer. The film centers on Foster as he treks on foot across the city of Los Angeles, trying to reach the house of his estranged ex-wife in time for his daughter's birthday. Along the way, a series of encounters, both trivial and provocative, causes him to react with increasing violence and make sardonic observations on life, poverty, the economy, and commercialism. Robert Duvall co-stars as Martin Prendergast, an aging Los Angeles Police Department sergeant on the day of his retirement, who faces his own frustrations even as he tracks down Foster.

Rosalind Jane "Roz" Reekie-May formerly Reekie (born 3 February 1972) is a road cyclist from New Zealand.
At the 1992 Summer Olympics at Barcelona she came 49th in the Road Race.
At the 2000 Summer Olympics at Sydney she came 36th in the Road Race.
At the 2002 Commonwealth Games at Montreal she came 5th in the Road Race.Robert Miller Easton (8 June 1898 – 26 May 1987) was a British bass of the mid-twentieth century. He was known both in the concert hall, where he sang in oratorios and other choral works, and in opera, appearing in bass roles at the Royal Opera House, Covent Garden and on tour. 
In concert and on record Easton performed many popular ballads, and was one of the original sixteen soloists in Ralph Vaughan Williams's Serenade to Music, premiered and recorded in 1938.  In his later years he was a respected and sought-after adjudicator for singing competitions.Sir Albert Edward Herbert Naylor-Leyland, 2nd Baronet (6 December 1890–23 September 1952) was an English aristocrat, diplomat and public official.Marotsialeha is a rural municipality in western Madagascar. It belongs to the Ambatomainty District, which is a part of Melaky Region. The population was 6,559 inhabitants in 2018.Padiham ( PAD-i-əm) is a town and civil parish on the River Calder, about three miles (5 km) west of Burnley, Lancashire, England. It forms part of the Borough of Burnley. Originally by the River Calder, it is edged by the foothills of Pendle Hill to the north-west and north-east. The United Kingdom Census 2011 gave a parish population of 10,098, estimated in 2019 at 10,138.Anthocyanins (from Ancient Greek  ἄνθος (ánthos) 'flower', and  κυάνεος/κυανοῦς (kuáneos/kuanoûs) 'dark blue'), also called anthocyans, are water-soluble vacuolar pigments that, depending on their pH, may appear red, purple, blue, or black. In 1835, the German pharmacist Ludwig Clamor Marquart gave the name Anthokyan to a chemical compound that gives flowers a blue color for the first time in his treatise "Die Farben der Blüthen". Food plants rich in anthocyanins include the blueberry, raspberry, black rice, and black soybean, among many others that are red, blue, purple, or black. Some of the colors of autumn leaves are derived from anthocyanins.Anthocyanins belong to a parent class of molecules called flavonoids synthesized via the phenylpropanoid pathway. They occur in all tissues of higher plants, including leaves, stems, roots, flowers, and fruits. Anthocyanins are derived from anthocyanidins by adding sugars. They are odorless and moderately astringent.
Although approved as food and beverage colorant in the European Union, anthocyanins are not approved for use as a food additive because they have not been verified as safe when used as food or supplement ingredients. There is no conclusive evidence that anthocyanins have any effect on human biology or diseases.This article presents a list of Roman provinces in the Late Roman Empire, as found in the Notitia Dignitatum.

Roger MacBride Allen (born September 26, 1957) is an American science fiction author. He was born in Bridgeport, Connecticut and grew up outside of Washington, D.C., graduating from Walt Whitman High School. He graduated from Boston University in 1979. His father is American historian and author Thomas B. Allen.Sunniside is a small rural village to the east of Tow Law and north of Crook in County Durham, England.
Sunniside has two pubs, and a former post office. There is a collection of newly built homes in the west of the village, called The Paddock. There are five streets, Gladstone Terrace, Flag Terrace, Front Street (the main street) Garden Terrace, and a little offshoot along a back road to Roddymoor, called Grahams Cottages.The Karl Schwarzschild Observatory (German: Karl-Schwarzschild-Observatorium) is a German astronomical observatory in Tautenburg near Jena, Thuringia. 
It was founded in 1960 as an affiliated institute of the former German Academy of Sciences at Berlin and named in honour of the astronomer and physicist Karl Schwarzschild (1873–1916). In 1992, the institute was re-established as Thuringian State Observatory (Thüringer Landessternwarte, TLS).

The observatory has the largest telescope located in Germany, which is also the largest Schmidt camera in the world. Made by VEB Zeiss Jena (the branch of Carl Zeiss located in Jena in what was then East Germany), this instrument is known as (2m) Alfred Jensch Telescope: though its mirror is 2 metres in diameter, the telescope's aperture is 1.34 m.The observatory has observed several exoplanets and brown dwarfs, as around the stars HD 8673, 30 Arietis, 4 Ursae Majoris, and around HD 13189 on 5 April 2005. The observatory also hosts an International station for the interferometric radio telescope LOFAR.Rebecca Burrum Matlock (1928–2019) was an American photographer and the wife of former U.S. Ambassador Jack F. Matlock, Jr.James Adam Mahama (born May 1932) is a Ghanaian politician and teacher. He served as a member of the first parliament of the Second Republic of Ghana for Gonja West constituency in the Northern Region.Philip Foster Farm is a historic site in Eagle Creek, Oregon, United States, near the city of Estacada. The farm is part of a 640-acre (260 ha) land claim purchased in 1847 by American pioneer Philip Foster. Foster built a store, house, barn, and other structures at the farm. The farmhouse and barn still stand, and replicas of the store, blacksmith shop and log cabin have been built on the site.
The Farm is located on the last leg of the Barlow Road, and was an important rest stop for travelers on the Oregon Trail.
Exteriors of the Farm are accessible year-round, with interpretive signage. The website at http://philipfosterfarm.com lists visiting hours to see the interiors, with costumed interpreters.  The site was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980, and hosts thousands of school children each year for their hands-on Pioneer Life field trips. The Jacknife-Zion-Horseheaven Historical Society3, which owns and operates the site, jokes that Foster Farm is the "First destination resort in the Oregon Territory."
Some students at the nearby Summit Learning Charter school come to volunteer and help with tours. They also help with events, and when you arrive at the Farm, are dressed as Pioneers. Coming by is a lovely way to further your child's knowledge of Oregon History.
NON PROFIT STATUS3
The Philip Foster Farm is owned and managed by the Jacknife Zion Horse Heaven Historical Society.  The Society is named for origin and place names for the Estacada Region.  The  Society Accepted responsibility for the farm thru Donation.  The Society board of directors manage policy while paid staff and volunteers manage events.  Events Include:  Pioneer Life Tours (over 6000 participants);  general public tours (over 2000); Live History Camp (5000); Special Events (13,000);  Trails Across Time (11,000).
Special Events include but are not limited to:. Mary Charlotte's Garden Party
The fall Cider Squeeze
Christmas in the CountryAntispila corniella is a moth of the family Heliozelidae. It was described by Kuroko in 1961. It is found in Japan (Kyushu).
The wingspan is 5–6 mm. The forewings are dark bronzy fuscous with brassy reflections, becoming purplish reflections on the apical half. The basal area is shining leaden-fuscous and the makings are silvery-metallic with yellow or bluish reflections. The hindwings are pale fuscous with feeble purplish lusters. Adult moths usually appear from the end of July to August. Annually, the successive generations replaces the previous generations.
The larvae feed on Cornus controversa and Cornus brachypoda. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine has the form of a full depth linear-blotch. It is whitish, semitransparent and extends in a line along the leaf margin or in a wavy line. The mine gradually becomes broader. After the third moult, the mine develops into a whitish green blotch. One or two mines may be found in a single leaf. The frass is blackish and is deposited in a line in the linear portion of the mine. In the blotch it appearing like a large black patch in the middle of the mine. Larvae can be found from September to October. Full-grown larvae cut out a case from the end of the mine and descend to the ground. They hibernate within this case. Pupation occurs at the beginning of June of the following year.The Jack Oatey Medal is awarded to the best player during the SANFL Grand Final. It has been awarded since 1981. In 2018, Mitch Grigg of Norwood became the first player to win the Jack Oatey Medal on a losing team, after his team were defeated by North Adelaide in the 2018 SANFL Grand Final.Judy Weinstein is a businesswoman who has been active in dance music since the 1970s. From 1971 onwards, she attended David Mancuso's parties at The Loft in New York City, and assisted Mancuso with the running of his record pool. In January 1978 David closed the record pool for several weeks without notice or explanation, apparently suffering from stress. On February 1, 1978, she started a new record pool, For the Record, with Mark Riley and Hank Williams, and recruited a large number of New York's top DJs.Weinstein also co-founded the Def Mix production company in 1987, which became the home for DJs including Frankie Knuckles, David Morales and Satoshi Tomiie. Weinstein brought Def Mix to Ibiza with a long-standing residency at Pacha.Weinstein also served as a bridge between traditional record companies and the dance music scene by working as a consultant on remixing for PolyGram Records, A&M Records and MCA Records. She also produced a remix of her own, of "Borderlines" by Jeffrey Osborne.The Laureus World Sports Awards  is an annual award ceremony honouring individuals and teams from the world of sports along with sporting achievements throughout the year. It was established in 1999 by Laureus Sport for Good Foundation founding patrons Daimler and Richemont. It is supported by its global partners Mercedes-Benz, IWC Schaffhausen and Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group.  The awards support the work of Laureus Sport for Good, which supports over 160 community projects in more than 40 countries. These programmes aim to use the power of sport to end violence, discrimination and disadvantage, and prove that sport has the power to change the world.  The name "Laureus" is derived from the Greek word for laurel, considered a traditional symbol of victory in athletics.
The first ceremony was held on 25 May 2000 in Monte Carlo, at which South African president Nelson Mandela gave the keynote speech.  As of 2020, awards are made annually in eight categories, with a number of discretionary categories irregularly recognised.  The recipient of each award is presented with a Laureus statuette, created by Cartier, at an annual ceremony held in various locations around the world. As of 2020, the ceremonies have been held in eleven different cities, and are broadcast in at least 160 countries.
Swiss tennis player Roger Federer holds the record for the most awards with six, five for Sportsman of the Year and one for Comeback of the Year. Serena Williams holds the record for most awards held by a female with five, four for Sportswoman of the Year and one for Comeback of the Year. A number of awards have been rescinded, namely those presented to American cyclist Lance Armstrong, American sprinter Marion Jones and Canadian amputee sprinter Earle Connor, each of whom were subsequently found to have illegally used drugs to achieve their records. In the 2020 ceremony, Argentine Lionel Messi became the first footballer to win the Laureus World Sportsman of the Year award. He is also the first athlete to win it coming from a team sport.Aars or Års, (Danish pronunciation: [ˈɒˀs]) is a Danish town with a population of 8,474 (1 January 2022) in Himmerland, Denmark. Administratively, Aars is the municipal seat of Vesthimmerland Municipality and biggest town of Vesthimmerland Municipality, Region Nordjylland since 2007 and it was also the seat of the mayor in the now abolished Aars Municipality. The town was founded in the 14th century. It is one of the four principal towns of Vesthimmerland, the other ones being Farsø, Løgstør and Aalestrup. Aars is a former railway town. It is currently the 76 largest city in Denmark just behind Ribe but in front of Helsinge on Zealand,  Sjælland. It is the 11th biggest town/city in Region Nordjylland in front of Skagen but just behind Sæby. The town has the nickname Cimbri's town (Danish: Kimbrenes by).William Robert Hamilton (February 16, 1866 – December 15, 1940), nicknamed Sliding Billy, was an American professional baseball player in Major League Baseball (MLB) during the 19th-century. He played for the Kansas City Cowboys, Philadelphia Phillies and Boston Beaneaters between 1888 and 1901.
Hamilton won the National League (NL) batting title twice and led the NL in stolen bases five times, eclipsing 100 on four occasions. He hit over .400 in 1894 and set the major league record for runs scored in a season with 198. His 914 stolen bases ranks third all time. A career .344 hitter, he was elected to the National Baseball Hall of Fame in 1961 via the Veterans Committee.Cincotta (Italian pronunciation: [tʃiŋˈkɔtta]) is an Italian surname. Its country of highest prevalence is not Italy but the United States, with significantly smaller populations in Italy, Argentina and Australia.Little Ripper is a drone that can be deployed by surf lifesavers to locate and assist swimmers in trouble by providing aerial observation and liferafts.  It was developed by Kevin Weldon after watching a UAV search for survivors in the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina.In early 2018, it was involved in a rescue off Lennox Head where it dropped an inflatable life-raft to two tired swimmers, the first rescue by a drone.Lazarus Dokora (born 3 November 1957)) was the Zimbabwe Minister of Education, Sport and Culture. On 27 November 2017, Emmerson Mnangagwa, who succeeded ousted President Robert Mugabe, announced the dissolution of the Zimbabwe Cabinet, leaving only Patrick Chinamasa and Simbarashe Mumbengegwi as acting ministers of Finance and Foreign Affairs respectively. Dokora was an MP from Rushinga National Assembly, before losing to Wonder Mashange in the general elections in 2013. He was appointed as the Minister of Primary and Secondary Education on 30 November 2017 by President Emmerson Mnangagwa. He was dropped by Mnangagwa as Minister for Primary and Secondary Education on 2 December 2017 amidst Zimbabweans on social media and radio shows criticizing him, blaming him of poor performance and undermining the country's education system. He was replaced by his deputy minister Paul Mavima. In relation to the issue with radio stations, he was interviewed by Farai Mwakutuya. The interview took place during a talk show called Head-On on radio ZI-FM.He was placed on the European Union sanctions list from 2007 to 2011.Nazih is both a given name and a surname. It is an Arabic origin word, (Arabic: نزيه). Notable people with the name include:Archery at the 2010 Summer Youth Olympics was held over a three-day period from 19 August to 21 August. The events took place at the Kallang Field in Singapore.

The Somerdale School District is a community public school district that serves students in pre-kindergarten through eighth grade from Somerdale, in Camden County, New Jersey, United States.As of the 2020–21 school year, the district, comprised of one school, had an enrollment of 461 students and 44.0 classroom teachers (on an FTE basis), for a student–teacher ratio of 10.5:1.The district is classified by the New Jersey Department of Education as being in District Factor Group "CD", the sixth-highest of eight groupings. District Factor Groups organize districts statewide to allow comparison by common socioeconomic characteristics of the local districts. From lowest socioeconomic status to highest, the categories are A, B, CD, DE, FG, GH, I and J.For ninth grade through twelfth grade, public school students attend Sterling High School, a regional high school district that also serves students from Magnolia and Stratford, along with the sending districts of Hi-Nella and Laurel Springs, who attend as part of sending/receiving relationships. The high school is located in Somerdale. As of the 2020–21 school year, the high school had an enrollment of 912 students and 69.0 classroom teachers (on an FTE basis), for a student–teacher ratio of 13.2:1.

Events from the year 1915 in Mexico.Gabrielle D. "Gabby" West is an American actress. She won a role in Saw 3D in a competition on the reality show Scream Queens.Germain Chevarie (born 10 September 1952) is a Canadian politician, who was elected to the National Assembly of Quebec for the riding of Îles-de-la-Madeleine in the 2008 provincial election. He was defeated in the 2012 election by Jeannine Richard of the Parti Québécois, but defeated Richard again in the 2014 election. He is a member of the Quebec Liberal Party.
Prior to his election to the Assembly, Chevarie was the manager of health services for the Magdalen Islands and works at the region's Health and Social Services centres and the CLSC. He obtained a bachelor's degree in social sciences from the University of Moncton and a second cycle (master's) degree at Laval University in organizational management and development. He also obtained a master's degree in public administration at the ENAP in Montreal.Giulia Momoli (born 30 August 1981 in Asolo) is an Italian beach volleyball player. She and Daniela Gioria were Italian Champions in 2007, and they are currently the second best Italian couple in the FIVB World Ranking with the 20th position. Since 2006, Momoli has been constantly involved in the World Tour and with 72 career presences, 229 international matches and 18,573 points played she is Italy's most active beach volleyball player. Together with Gioria, she was trying to qualify for London 2012 Olympics.Cyrtopogon willistoni is a species of robber flies in the family Asilidae.This is a list of television ratings for NBA Finals in the United States, based on Nielsen viewing data. The highest rated and most watched NBA Finals series was the 1998 NBA Finals between the Chicago Bulls and Utah Jazz, which averaged an 18.7 rating / 33 share and 29.04 million viewers on NBC. That series also featured the highest rated and most watched NBA Finals game, as the Sunday night averaged a 22.3 rating / 38 share and 35.89 million viewers. The 1987 NBA Finals between the Los Angeles Lakers and Boston Celtics was the highest rated and most watched NBA Finals series on CBS, averaging a 15.9 rating / 32 share and 24.12 million viewers. Game 7 of the 1988 NBA Finals registered the network's highest rated and most watched NBA game with a 21.2 rating / 37 share.
The 2015 NBA Finals between the Golden State Warriors and Cleveland Cavaliers was the highest rated NBA Final series on ABC averaging an 11.6 rating / 21 share and 19.94 million viewers. The 2017 NBA Finals featuring the same two teams was the most watched NBA Final series on ABC averaging an 11.3 rating / 22 share and 20.38 million viewers. Game 7 of the 2016 NBA Finals registered the network's highest rated and most watched NBA game with an average 15.8 rating / 29 share and 31.02 million viewers. It was the first basketball game to draw more than 30 million average viewers  in 18 years, and only the seventh non-NFL sports telecast (excluding the Olympics) to have done so since 1998.The 2019 NBA Finals between the Golden State Warriors and the Toronto Raptors had a drop in American viewership. Analysts cited the presence of a Canadian team (Canadian viewership does not count towards U.S. Nielsen ratings, leading to only one U.S. home market being reflected in viewership), as a factor in the drop. At the same time, the presence of the Toronto Raptors in the NBA Finals boosted Canadian viewership to record levels.For the 2020 NBA Finals, the ratings dropped to a historic low, with one of the games drawing only 5.9 million viewers. The average viewers figure over 6 games was 7.5 million, which is a 51% decline from the previous year. Some have claimed this was due to the players' political activism; others have claimed this was due to the finals being played out of season caused by the COVID-19 pandemic even though more audience stayed at home, as other sports such as the NHL playoffs and the MLB playoffs also showed a significant decline in ratings.Frederick "Freddie" Tees (16 June 1922 – 15 March 1982) was a member of No. 617 Squadron of the Royal Air Force who took part in Operation Chastise, the "Dambusters" raid of 1943, as a rear gunner. The raid was the inspiration for the 1955 film The Dam Busters. He ended his days as a barber in Letchworth.Nasib Si Labu Labi (The Fate of Labu and Labi, colloquially "What Happened to Labu and Labi") is a 1963 Malaysian buddy comedy film directed by and starring P. Ramlee. The film is a sequel to Labu dan Labi and features a number of returning cast members.Jorge Cermesoni (16 August 1908 – December 2002) was an Argentine fencer. He competed in the individual and team sabre events at the 1948.Wayne Gino Odjick (September 7, 1970 – January 15, 2023) was a Canadian professional ice hockey left winger who played 12 seasons in the National Hockey League (NHL) from 1990 to 2002 for the Vancouver Canucks, New York Islanders, Philadelphia Flyers and Montreal Canadiens. Of Algonquin heritage, he was known as an enforcer during his playing career, earning him the nicknames "Algonquin Assassin" and "Maniwaki Mauler".This is a list of spider species that occur on Socotra. Unless otherwise noted, they are endemic (they occur only there).Alfa S.A.B. de C.V., also known as Alfa or Alfa Group, is a Mexican multinational conglomerate headquartered in Monterrey, Mexico. It is a diversified group of businesses, mainly industrial, that produces petrochemicals, aluminum auto components, and refrigerated foods. It also participates in the extraction of oil and natural gas, and offers IT & telecom services. It is the global leader in the production of engine blocks and cylinder heads for American and European automakers; it is one of the largest PET and PTA producers in North America; and it is also a leader in the distribution of refrigerated foods in Mexico. In 2013, it was the seventh largest company of Mexico according to CNN Expansión.Alfa has operations in Mexico, the United States and other 21 countries across the Americas, Europe and Asia. As of 2014, its portfolio comprised five businesses: Alpek, the petrochemical company; Nemak, the aluminum auto components company; Sigma Alimentos, the refrigerated foods company; Alestra, the IT & telecom company; and Newpek, the oil and natural gas extraction company.
Alfa is listed  on the Mexican Stock Exchange and the Latibex, the Latin American market in the Madrid Stock Exchange. It is a constituent of the IPC, the main benchmark index of the Mexican Stock Exchange, and of the S&P Latin America 40, which includes leading, blue chip companies from Latin America.Warhammer armies or Armies can refer to either

Armies of Warhammer within the Warhammer Fantasy Battle or Warhammer 40,000 games
A series of publications, Warhammer Army Book or Codex (Warhammer 40,000), that contain the rules and story for the armies in the gameThe University of Diyala is an Iraqi university located in Baquba, Diyala Governorate, Iraq. It was established in 1999.Upwey is a suburb of Weymouth in south Dorset, England.  The suburb is situated on the B3159 road in the Wey valley. The area was formerly a village until it was absorbed into the Weymouth built-up area. It is located four miles north of the town centre in the outer suburbs.  During the Census 2001 the combined population of Upwey and neighbouring Broadwey was 4,349.
The village has a 13th-century parish church, dedicated to Saint Laurence, and a manor house, Upwey Manor, which was owned by the Gould family. A disc barrow is located above the village on the Ridgeway at map reference SY 663866. The former United Reformed Church was built in 1880–81 and closed in 1992.The River Wey rises at the foot of the chalk ridge of the South Dorset Downs, which rise above Upwey to the north, and flows through the village.  The source is known as the Upwey wishing well and was a tourist attraction as far back as the Victorian era.  There is now a tea room at the site, complete with mature water gardens. In the 18th century a water mill was built on the river, rebuilt in 1802; it featured in Thomas Hardy's The Trumpet Major; he also wrote a poem "At the Railway Station, Upway", which most likely relates to Upwey station. Another famous name associated with Upwey is that of Lucille Ball the American actress, comedian who was proud of her family and heritage. Her genealogy can be traced back to the earliest settlers in the colonies. One direct ancestor, William Sprague (1609–1675), left England on the ship Lyon's Whelp for Plymouth/Salem, Massachusetts. They were from Upwey, Dorset, England. Along with his two brothers, William helped to found the city of Charlestown, Massachusetts. Other Sprague relatives became soldiers in the US Revolutionary War and two of them became governors of the state of Rhode Island.
Upwey features in Edward Chaney's Genius Friend: G.B. Edwards and The Book of Ebenezer le Page as the place in which Chaney got to know Gerald Edwards and encouraged him to complete his novel. Edwards died in the since-demolished 654 Dorchester Road, Upwey, on 29 December 1976.Upwey lends its name to Upwey, Victoria, in Melbourne, near Belgrave, Victoria.Ararat is an unincorporated community in the Long Hill Township of Surry County, North Carolina, United States.  Ararat is situated on, and is named for, the Ararat River (Powell 1968, p. 12).  Ararat is along the former Atlantic & Yadkin Railway line from Mount Airy to Rural Hall that is now operated by the Yadkin Valley Railroad.  Landmarks near the center of the community include the community post office, fire department and area churches.The Chen family-style (陳家、陳氏、陳式 太極拳) or Chen-style Taijquan (Chinese: 太极拳; pinyin: tàijíquán) is a Northern Chinese martial art and the original form of taiji. Chen-style is characterized by silk reeling (纏絲勁; chán sī jìn), alternating fast and slow motions, and bursts of power (發勁; fa jin).Traditionally, Taijiquan is practiced as a martial art but has expanded into other domains of practice such as health or performances. Some argue that Chen Style Taijiquan has preserved and emphasized the martial efficacy to a greater extent.In the theory of radiative transfer, of either thermal or neutron radiation, a position and direction-dependent intensity function is usually sought for the description of the radiation field. The intensity field can in principle be solved from the integrodifferential radiative transfer equation (RTE), but an exact solution is usually impossible and even in the case of geometrically simple systems can contain unusual special functions such as the Chandrasekhar's H-function and Chandrasekhar's X- and Y-functions. The method of discrete ordinates, or the Sn method, is one way to approximately solve the RTE by discretizing both the xyz-domain and the angular variables that specify the direction of radiation. The methods were developed by Subrahmanyan Chandrasekhar when he was working on radiative transfer.Carpatolechia longivalvella is a moth of the family Gelechiidae. It is found in South Korea.The wingspan is 13.5–15 mm. The species can be distinguished by the rather elongate central yellowish patch on the forewings and the well-developed grey scales under this patch.Ronald Hewison Steuart (1898–1988) was a member of Australian Watercolour Institute from 1934–1988, a senior artist and was a life member of the Institute.
Won the Wynne Prize in 1958 with the painting "The Cliff". The Wynne Prize is awarded for "the best landscape painting of Australian scenery in oils or watercolours or for the best example of figure sculpture by Australian artists completed during the 12 months preceding the [closing] date".
His work "Hawkesbury Landscape" hangs at the University of New South Wales, and was acquired in 1960. His work "Image" c. 1940s hangs in the Art Gallery of South Australia, while "Mirage" c.1950, an oil on canvas on cardboard 54.0 h x 55.4 w cm, is owned by the National Gallery of Australia. Mirage was purchased in 2007 with the assistance of James Agapitos OAM and Ray Wilson OAM.
The Art Gallery of NSW own many Steuart works including; Ettalong (7253), Autumn Lagoon (7540), Picnic sketch (6546), A country lane near Cobbity (6479), In a sea pool (7685), The ferry (8561) and River reeds at Tizzana (9242). 
Art Gallery of NSW Steuart collection.In the mathematical area of topology, a train track is a family of curves embedded on a surface, meeting the following conditions:

The curves meet at a finite set of vertices called switches.
Away from the switches, the curves are smooth and do not touch each other.
At each switch, three curves meet with the same tangent line, with two curves entering from one direction and one from the other.The main application of train tracks in mathematics is to study laminations of surfaces, that is, partitions of closed subsets of surfaces into unions of smooth curves. Train tracks have also been used in graph drawing.Seydgah (Persian: صيدگاه) may refer to:

Seydgah-e Haviq
Seydgah-e Khotbeh SaraNakhodka is a seaport city in Primorsky Krai, Russia.
Nakhodka may also refer to:

Nakhodka Bay, the bay on which the city stands
Nakhodka, Yamalo-Nenets Autonomous Okrug, a village in Yamalo-Nenets Autonomous Okrug, RussiaMangpyaw is a village in Chipwi Township in Myitkyina District in the Kachin State of north-eastern Burma.Eugnosta medvedevi is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in eastern Ukraine and Russia (Lower Volga). Its habitat consists of sandy steppe.
The wingspan is about 30 mm. Adults have been recorded on wing in September.The People's National Assembly building is a public building in Algiers and home of Algeria's People's National Assembly. It was designed in 1934 and inaugurated in 1951 as a new city hall for the Greater Algiers, and repurposed following the country's independence in 1962.Microtubule associated serine/threonine kinase 3 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the MAST3 gene.Donald S. Joyce (February 9, 1944 – July 22, 2015) was an American musician who was a member of the experimental music group Negativland. He also hosted a weekly radio program called Over the Edge on the Berkeley, California, radio station KPFA, for more than 30 years.Joyce was born in Keene, New Hampshire. Originally a visual artist, he earned a master's degree in painting from the Rhode Island School of Design before moving to the Bay Area, where he lived most of his life. While working at KPFA hosting a more mainstream type music show, he encountered Ian Allen and other members of Negativland. Don was a master at tape editing and he began developing his sound collage techniques using radio and television broadcasts captured on tape and blending them into layered mixes, each with a unique theme. Heavily influenced by Bob and Ray and the Firesign Theater, Joyce developed a number of continuing characters whom he would portray in the more theatrical episodes of Over The Edge.In 1984, he coined the phrase culture jamming. Using his alter ego, cultural reviewer Crosley Bendix, he presented an explanation of culture jamming and its importance on the 1984 album Over the Edge Vol. 1: JAMCON'84:

As awareness of how the media environment we occupy affects and directs our inner life grows, some resist. The skillfully reworked billboard . . . directs the public viewer to a consideration of the original corporate strategy. The studio for the cultural jammer is the world at large.

Jalan Kempas Lama (Johor state road J193) is a major road in Johor Bahru District, Johor, Malaysia.The 2006 Men's European Water Polo Championship' was the 27th exhibition of the event organised by the Europe's governing body in aquatics, the Ligue Européenne de Natation. The event took place in the Tašmajdan Sports Centre in Belgrade, Serbia, from 1 to 10 September 2006.
There were three qualification tournaments ahead of the event, held from 7 to 9 April 2006 in Kranj, Slovenia (with France, Slovenia, Slovakia and Malta competing), in Eindhoven, Netherlands (Greece, Netherlands, Poland and Moldova), and in Imperia, Italy (Belarus, Italy, Romania and Turkey).The eastern heather vole, (Phenacomys ungava), is a small North American vole. Until recently, this species was considered to belong to the same species as the western heather vole, Phenacomys intermedius. It is also called the Ungava vole.
Though some studies have indicated that Phenacomys ungava is "rare" or "uncommon," other researchers have found that the animal can be common locally, and others have suggested that the population may undergo cyclic abundance.The 2000 PBA All-Filipino Cup Finals was the best-of-7 championship series of the 2000 PBA All-Filipino Cup and the conclusion of the conference's playoffs. The Alaska Milkmen and Purefoods Tender Juicy Hotdogs played for the 75th championship contested by the league.The Alaska Milkmen won their third All-Filipino crown in the last five years with a 4–1 series victory over Purefoods TJ Hotdogs. The title-conquest was their 10th championship as Alaska is now the third most successful ballclub in the league.
Kenneth Duremdes won on his second Finals MVP in All-Filipino Cup Finals.20th century Eastern Orthodox theology has been dominated by neo-Palamism, the revival of St. Palamas and hesychasm. John Behr characterizes Eastern Orthodox theology as having been "reborn in the twentieth century." Norman Russell describes Eastern Orthodox theology as having been dominated by an "arid scholasticism" for several centuries after the fall of Constantinople. Russell describes the postwar re-engagement of modern Greek theologians with the Greek Fathers, which occurred with the help of diaspora theologians and Western patristic scholars. A significant component of this re-engagement with the Greek Fathers has been a rediscovery of Palamas by Greek theologians; Palamas had previously been given less attention than the other Fathers.According to Michael Angold, the "rediscovery of [Palamas'] writings by theologians of the last century has played a crucial role in the construction of present-day [Eastern] Orthodoxy.

Genoplesium alticola, commonly known as the tableland midge orchid, is a small terrestrial orchid endemic to Queensland. It has a single thin leaf fused to the flowering stem and up to twenty five small, hairy, dark purplish-red and green flowers. It grows in two small areas of the state at altitudes between 600 and 750 m (2,000 and 2,500 ft).

The Brandon Travellers were a Canadian junior 'A' ice hockey team based in Brandon, Manitoba that played in the Manitoba Junior Hockey League from 1973 to 1980. The team was owned by the Western Hockey League's Brandon Wheat Kings.
Travellers' alumni to play in the National Hockey League included Dave Semenko, Ron Hextall, Glen Hanlon, and Laurie Boschman. Former NHL coach and scout Andy Murray started his coaching career with the Travellers.Varuna litterata, also known as the river swimming crab or the peregrine crab, is a euryhaline species of crab native to the Indo-Pacific. It is commonly found in slow-moving or almost stagnant fresh or brackish waters in estuarine habitats.

The Shemsedin Kirjatani House is a cultural heritage monument in Prizren, Kosovo.The Alabama High School Athletic Association (AHSAA), based in Montgomery, is the governing body for interscholastic athletics and activities programs for public schools in Alabama.
The AHSAA is a member National Federation of State High School Associations since 1924.
The AHSAA merged with the Alabama Interscholastic Athletic Association in 1968, forming one high school athletic association for the State of Alabama in accordance with a court order relating to athletics. The AIAA had previously governed athletics at segregated African-American schools.
The AHSAA sponsors state championships programs in 13 boys and 13 girls sports: Baseball, Softball, Basketball, Football, Cross Country,   Soccer, Swimming and Diving, Track and Field, Tennis, Volleyball, Wrestling, Cheerleading and Indoor Track.
While the AHSAA is the primary sanctioning organization for high school sports in Alabama (and the only one allowed for public schools), it is not the only such organization. The Alabama Independent School Association sanctions athletics for approximately 40 private schools throughout the state. Other smaller organizations, such as the Alabama Christian Sports Conference and the Alabama Christian Athletic and Academic Association, sanction sports from smaller Christian schools and home schools, particularly in eight-man football.
The current executive director is Alvin Briggs.

Pallipalayam block is a revenue block in the Namakkal district of Tamil Nadu, India. It has a total of 15 panchayat villages.
Pallipalayam town is the headquarter of the block.Arnulfo Obando (1962 – 10 November 2016) was a boxing coach from Nicaragua. His most notable boxer was Román González, whom he coached from 2010 to his death in 2016.  He was one of five nominated for Trainer of the Year by The Ring magazine in 2015 but the award went to Joe Gallagher.David Payne (1843 – 1894) was a Scottish landscape painter.Tepa is a small town and is the capital of Ahafo Ano North, a district in the Ashanti Region of Ghana. The old town of Tepa is known as Kelebim. Kelebim can be found in Tepa Ward 1 (Banieh Krom). The major occupation of the people there is Farming.Dishwasher Pete is the pen name for Pete Jordan, author of the popular Dishwasher zine as well as the book of the same title, whose goal was to wash dishes in every state in America. For more than a decade, he moved from city to city, state to state, washing dishes in restaurants, hospitals, cafeterias, ski resorts, camps, communes, a fish cannery, an offshore oil rig, a dinner train and just about anywhere where dishes were dirty. He was once invited to appear on the Late Show with David Letterman. He did not wish to be on national television, and so a friend of his took his place on the show, pretending to be him. Later, while promoting his book, Pete himself appeared on Letterman and the two discussed the earlier "appearance."
The fifteen issues of the Dishwasher zine are now out of print. Memoirs of Jordan's dishwashing years were published in the book Dishwasher: One Man's Quest to Wash Dishes in All 50 States by Harper Perennial in 2007; it was positively reviewed in Chicagoist. Without reading it, New York Times writer Dwight Garner initially dismissed the book; upon chiding by readers of his column, he wrote "Boy, was I wrong about it - it's exceedingly well-written and explores an American subculture, one Jordan has been working in for more than a decade, with real tact and feeling and humor."Dishwasher Pete has contributed to five episodes of the radio program This American Life. His writing has also appeared on the Open Letters website.
Dishwasher Pete also volunteered as a "human guinea pig" in first-in-man drug trials, and contributed articles to the Guinea Pig Zero: A Journal for Human Research Subjects zine.
In 2002 Pete moved to Amsterdam, where he became fascinated by the culture and history of this city of cyclists. This is the basis for his second book: In the City of Bikes: The Story of the Amsterdam Cyclist (Harper Perennial, 2013).Penghou Subdistrict (Chinese: 彭后街道) is a township-level division of Qiaodong District, Shijiazhuang, Hebei, China.Catamount Peak is a 2,733-metre (8,967-foot) mountain located in Glacier National Park in British Columbia, Canada. Catamount Peak is part of the Hermit Range of the Selkirk Mountains and is 7 km (4.3 mi) west of Rogers Pass. It is approximately midway between Revelstoke and Golden. Neighbors include Cheops Mountain, 5.05 km (3.14 mi) to the east, and Ursus Major Mountain, 1.83 km (1.14 mi) to the northeast. Precipitation runoff from the mountain's south slope drains to Illecillewaet River via Cougar Brook, and the north slope drains to the Beaver River via Ursus Creek. Topographic relief is significant as the summit rises 1,230 metres (4,035 ft) above Ursus Creek in 2 km (1.2 mi) and 930 m (3,051 ft) above Cougar Brook in 1 km (0.62 mi). This peak is visible from the Trans-Canada Highway.Enayat Allah Ibrahim (1898–1972) was an Egyptian painter. His work was part of the painting event in the art competition at the 1924 Summer Olympics.Symmerista luisdiegogomezi is a moth in the family Notodontidae first described by Isidro A. Chacón in 2014. It has been collected between 2,450 and 2,600 meters in highland cloud forests dominated by Quercus trees in the foothills west of the Cordillera de Talamanca in southern Costa Rica.
The length of the forewings is 17.2–19.21 mm for males and 20.22–21.51 mm for females. The ground colour of the forewings of the males is dark brown, with a reniform black spot and a light brown basal band. The hindwings are dark brown. The forewings of the females are also dark brown with a beige antemedial band, lined on both sides by sinuous dark brown lines and with an irregular white thin bar from the apex to the black reniform spot. The hindwings are dirty beige with a light brown postmedial line and black discal spot.Richard Oliver (1735–1784) was a British merchant, plantation owner and politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1770 to 1780.The Shapiro reaction or tosylhydrazone decomposition is an organic reaction in which a ketone or aldehyde is converted to an alkene through an intermediate hydrazone in the presence of 2 equivalents of organolithium reagent. The reaction was discovered by Robert H. Shapiro in 1967. The Shapiro reaction was used in the Nicolaou Taxol total synthesis. This reaction is very similar to the Bamford–Stevens reaction, which also involves the basic decomposition of tosyl hydrazones.NGC 6005 is an open cluster in the constellation Norma. It is 5875 light-years distant and thought to be around 1.15 billion years old.Eduardo Prieto Souza (6 February 1882 – 13 March 1963) was a Mexican fencer. He competed in the individual and team épée events at the 1932 Summer Olympics.The 1850–51 United States Senate elections were held on various dates in various states. As these U.S. Senate elections were prior to the ratification of the Seventeenth Amendment in 1913, senators were chosen by state legislatures. Senators were elected over a wide range of time throughout 1850 and 1851, and a seat may have been filled months late or remained vacant due to legislative deadlock. In these elections, terms were up for the senators in Class 1.
The Democratic Party lost seats, but retained a majority in the Senate.Eastham (previously South Bromborough and Eastham, 1973 to 1979) is a Wirral Metropolitan Borough Council ward in the Wirral South Parliamentary constituency.Benjamin John Hamer (; born 20 November 1987) is an English professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Championship side Watford.

Ceyhun Yılmaz (born 5 October 1976) is a Turkish comedian, actor, radio and TV presenter.W. E. "Bill" May was a college football player.North Side (sometimes written as Northside) refers to the region of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, located to the north of the Allegheny River and the Ohio River.
The term "North Side" does not refer to a specific neighborhood, but rather to a disparate collection of contiguous neighborhoods.
The neighborhoods that make up the North Side of Pittsburgh include: Allegheny Center, Allegheny West, Brighton Heights, California-Kirkbride, Central Northside, Chateau, East Allegheny, Fineview, Manchester, Marshall-Shadeland, North Shore, Northview Heights, Perry North, Perry South, Spring Garden, Spring Hill–City View, Summer Hill, and Troy Hill.
The North Side has seven hills (Observatory, Monument, Troy, Spring, Seminary, Fineview, and Mt. Troy).

Allium atroviolaceum is a species of flowering plant in the Amaryllidaceae family. it is commonly called the broadleaf wild leek, and is native to Iran, Iraq, Afghanistan, Syria, Lebanon, Saudi Arabia, Turkmenistan, Turkey, Georgia, Armenia, Azerbaijan, southern European Russia and the Caucasus, but widely cultivated in other regions as a food source and for its ornamental value. The species is sparingly naturalized in parts of the United States (Illinois, Kentucky, Virginia, and North and South Carolina) and also in southeastern Europe (Italy, Greece, the Czech Republic, Slovakia, Hungary, Ukraine and the Balkans).Allium atroviolaceum is a perennial herb producing a large round bulb. Scape is up to 100 cm long. Leaves are broadly linear. Umbel is spherical with many purple or red-violet flowers crowded together.Ardozyga proscripta is a species of moth in the family Gelechiidae. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1921. It is found in Australia, where it has been recorded from southern Queensland.The wingspan is about 13 mm (0.51 in). The forewings are light brownish-ochreous, with coarse scattered blackish scales and blackish markings. There is a large dot on the base of the costa, a small spot at one-fifth, a somewhat larger spot before the middle, and three dots posteriorly. There is a small spot on the dorsum at one-fourth and the plical and first discal stigmata form large roundish sub-confluent spots, the plical posterior, the second discal forming a small round spot, an additional similar spot before and slightly above this, and an indistinct dot beneath it. There is also an almost terminal series of large cloudy dots. The hindwings are light grey, somewhat darker posteriorly.The Diocese of Steubenville (Latin: Dioecesis Steubenvicensis) is a Latin Church ecclesiastical territory, or diocese, of the Catholic Church covering thirteen counties in southeastern Ohio in the United States.
The Diocese of Steubenville is a suffragan diocese in the ecclesiastical province of the metropolitan Archdiocese of Cincinnati. The current bishop of the diocese is Bishop Jeffrey Monforton. The seat for the diocese is Holy Name Cathedral in Steubenville.Abdullah Al Haidar (Arabic: عبدالله آل حيدر) (born 25 August 1984) is a Saudi Arabian football (soccer) player who played as a midfielder. He is currently the manager of Najran SC.Cystobacter is a genus in the phylum Myxococcota (Bacteria).Stratonicea – (Greek: Στρατoνικεια, or Στρατονίκεια) also transliterated as Stratoniceia and Stratonikeia, earlier Indi, and later for a time Hadrianapolis – was an ancient city in the valley of the Caicus river, between Germe and Acrasus, in Lydia, Anatolia; its site is currently near the village of Siledik, in the district of Kırkağaç, Manisa Province, in the Aegean Region of Turkey.Vələparqo is a village in the municipality of Motolayataq in the Astara Rayon of Azerbaijan.Goniophysetis lactealis is a moth in the family Crambidae. It is found in Kenya.Unwanted Advances: Sexual Paranoia Comes to Campus is a 2017 book by the American cultural critic and feminist intellectual Laura Kipnis, published by Harper. The book is largely based on the case of the philosopher Peter Ludlow, who resigned from Northwestern University after a university disciplinary body found that he sexually harassed two students. Ludlow denied any wrongdoing and said the relationship was consensual. A central argument of the book is that "the stifling sense of sexual danger sweeping American campuses" and "neo-sentimentality about female vulnerability" do not empower women, but impede the fight for gender equality.A student who had brought a Title IX complaint discussed at length in the book filed a lawsuit against Kipnis and her publisher, HarperCollins, alleging invasion of privacy, defamation, and other charges relating to the book. The case was settled.  Kipnis has publicly stated, "In case there’s any confusion, Unwanted Advances remains in print and I stand by everything in the book."  Unwanted Advances was named one of the Wall Street Journal's Ten Best Non-Fiction Books of 2017Rogier Benschop (born 20 July 1998) is a Dutch professional footballer who plays as a left winger for Vierde Divisie club RKSV Halsteren.Victor G. Nee (born 1945) is an American sociologist and professor at Cornell University, known for his work in economic sociology, inequality and immigration. He published a book with Richard Alba entitled Remaking the American Mainstream proposing a neo-assimilation theory to explain the assimilation of post-1965 immigrant minorities and the second generation. In 2012, he published Capitalism from Below co-authored with Sonja Opper examining the rise of economic institutions of capitalism in China. Nee is the Frank and Rosa Rhodes Professor, and Director of the Center for the Study of Economy and Society at Cornell University. Nee received the John Simon Guggenheim Fellowship in 2007, and has been a visiting fellow at the Russell Sage Foundation in New York ( 1994–1995), and the Center for Advanced Study in the Behavioral Sciences (1996-1997). He was awarded an honorary doctorate in Economics by Lund University in Sweden in 2013.95 Chestnut Street is a historic house located in Wakefield, Massachusetts. It is significant as an example of a well-preserved vernacular Greek Revival style house.Guido da Polenta may refer to:

Guido I da Polenta (died 1297), lord of Ravenna
Guido II da Polenta (died 1330), lord of Ravenna
Guido III da Polenta (died 1389), lord of RavennaElena Ospitaletche (born 1 August 1960) is a Uruguayan former swimmer. She competed in two events at the 1976 Summer Olympics.The E. Martin Hennings House and Studio Historic District was the property of Taos, New Mexico artist E. Martin Hennings.  The property includes two contributing buildings and a contributing structure.  It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.Datto is a town in Clay County, Arkansas, United States. The population was 100 at the 2010 census.Louisiana Highway 3127 (LA 3127)  is a state highway in Louisiana that serves Ascension, St. James, St. John the Baptist, and St. Charles Parishes.  It spans 42.1 miles (67.8 km) in a northwest to southeast direction.  It parallels LA 18 along the west bank of the Mississippi River, providing a much shorter inland bypass of the River Road.  It is bannered in all four cardinal directions depending upon the part of the route.The following highways are numbered 31B:The Bristol Brigand was a British anti-shipping/ground attack/dive bomber aircraft, developed by the Bristol Aeroplane Company as a replacement for the Beaufighter. A total of 147 were built and were used by the Royal Air Force in Malaya during the Malayan Emergency and Kenya until replaced by the de Havilland Hornet in Malaya and the English Electric Canberra jet bomber elsewhere.Kurthia huakuii is a Gram-positive, facultatively anaerobic, spore-forming, short rod-shaped and motile bacterium from the genus of Kurthia which has been isolated from biogas slurry from the Hebei Province in China.Dubi is a village in now newly formed Bajali district, Assam State, India. It is situated on the north bank of  the Brahmaputra River. It is about three miles from the Pathshala railway station on the N. F. Railway.Restoration Ruin is an album by Keith Jarrett on which he performs multiple instruments (including piano, organ, guitar, soprano saxophone, harmonica, recorder, bass guitar, drums, tambourine and sistrum), and sings his own lyrics. Recorded and released on the Atlantic Records subsidiary Vortex in 1968, the album remains unique in Jarrett’s catalogue, displaying a sound largely influenced by folk and progressive rock. It can be seen as the first part of an experimental period which explored neither traditional jazz nor classical music. Here Jarrett overdubs himself on various instruments, similar to the tribal Spirits (1985) or especially the free funk No End (2013, recorded in 1986). "Sioux City Sue New" was released as a 45 rpm single, backed with "You're Fortunate." In 1999, Collectables Records reissued the album paired with the Art Ensemble of Chicago's Bap-Tizum.The J. Willard Marriott Library is the main academic library of the University of Utah in Salt Lake City, Utah. The university library has had multiple homes since the first University of Utah librarian was appointed in 1850. The current building was opened in 1968 and named for J. Willard Marriott, founder of Marriott International, in 1969. After two major renovations, the building is more than 500,000 square feet (46,000 m2) and houses more than 4.5 million volumes. The University of Utah Press and Red Butte Press are divisions of the Marriott Library.James George Carroll (1855 – 13 July 1927) was an Australian politician.
Born in Tipperary, Ireland, to James and Katherine Carroll, he arrived in Australia in 1867 having received a primary education. He worked as a saddler in Hillston from 1876 until 1883, when he became the licensee of Tattersall's Hotel. He married Lizzie Sweetman, with whom he had two children. In 1894 he was elected to the New South Wales Legislative Assembly as the member for Lachlan as an Independent Protectionist; he was later associated with the Protectionist and Progressive parties. He moved to Sydney to become a land agent but was bankrupted in 1896 and discharged in 1897. Carroll left the Assembly in 1904 and died in 1927 in North Sydney.Campbell County is a county located in the northern part of the U.S. state of Kentucky. As of the 2020 census, the population was 93,076. Its county seats are Alexandria and Newport. The county was formed on December 17, 1794, from sections of Scott, Harrison, and Mason Counties and was named for Colonel John Campbell (1735–1799), a Revolutionary War soldier and Kentucky legislator.
Campbell County, with Boone and Kenton Counties, is part of the Northern Kentucky metro community, and the Cincinnati-Middletown, OH-KY-IN Metropolitan Statistical Area.Donald Marquand Dozer (June 7, 1905 - August 4, 1980) was an American scholar of Latin American history.
Dozer was born in Zanesville, Ohio, receiving his A.B. in History from the College of Wooster in 1927, and then earned an A.M. (1930) and a Ph.D. (1936) in History at Harvard University. His doctoral dissertation was entitled on “Anti-imperialism in the United States 1865-1895. Opposition to the annexation of overseas territories.” He taught at the University of Maryland from 1937 to 1942, and then, from 1942-1943 served with the Office of the Coordinator of Information (which later evolved into the Office of Strategic Services and the Office of War Information) in Washington, DC. From 1943-1944, Dozer served as a liaison in the Caribbean region for the Office of Lend Lease Administration. He then moved to the State Department, where he did research and analysis (especially on Argentina) until 1956. He then accepted a call to the History Department of the University of California, Santa Barbara, where he joined Philip Wayne Powell and Wilbur R. Jacobs in building a nucleus of scholars who would become the core for a growing department in the 1960s. Dozer published nearly 100 articles and reviews as well as several well-received books. He retired and was granted emeritus status in 1972, and died in 1980 at Saint Francis Hospital in Santa Barbara.Anthopleura artemisia is a species of sea anemone.  It is known by a number of common names, including burrowing anemone and moonglow anemone.  It was first described to science in 1846 in a volume by James Dwight Dana, reporting on the animals found on the United States Exploring Expedition.  Dana attributes the description to Charles Pickering, who was a naturalist on the expedition.Chapelle-d'Huin (French pronunciation: ​[ʃapɛl dɥɛ̃]) is a commune in the Doubs department in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region in eastern France.Xylota nitidula is a species of hoverfly in the family Syrphidae.The 1984 Colgate Red Raiders football team was an American football team that represented Colgate University as an independent during the 1984 NCAA Division I-AA football season.
In its ninth season under head coach Frederick Dunlap, the team compiled a 5–5 record. John McCabe and Bob Clark were the team captains.The Red Raiders won their first three games against Division I-AA opponents and became a constant presence in the weekly national rankings, reaching as high as No. 10 in the poll released October 2 (a Colgate bye week). A streak of three losses at the end of the year, however, dropped them out of the rankings and resulted in a .500 season record.
The team played its home games at Andy Kerr Stadium in Hamilton, New York.Gov. Thomas B. Jeter House, also known as Sarratt House, is a historic home located at Union, Union County, South Carolina.  It was built in 1859, and is a two-story, clapboard dwelling with Victorian detailing.  It features a one-story front verandah and scalloped trim. It was the home of Thomas Bothwell Jeter, who served as the 79th Governor of South Carolina from September 1, 1880, to November 30, 1880.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.Fidel Ortiz Tovar, also known as Fidelón (10 October 1908 – 9 September 1975) was a Mexican boxer who represented his country in the 1928 and 1936 Summer Olympics. In the later competition, he defeated Swedish pugilist Stig Cederberg to win the bronze medal in the Bantamweight class.A clothes steamer, also called a garment steamer or simply a steamer, is a device used for quickly removing wrinkles from garments and fabrics with the use of high temperature steam. They can for example be used to straighten wrinkles on shirts by releasing tension in the fabric so that it straightens itself. Steamers can also remove smells.Final Fantasy is a media franchise created by Hironobu Sakaguchi and owned by Square Enix that includes video games, motion pictures, and other merchandise. There have been a number of compilation albums of Final Fantasy music produced by Square Enix, as well as several albums produced by outside groups, both officially and unofficially licensed. These albums include music directly from the games, as well as arrangements covering a variety of styles, such as orchestral, piano, vocal, and techno. Square Enix produced the first album, Final Fantasy 1987–1994, in 1994. Since then, over 40 albums have been produced, both by Square Enix and, beginning with the 2000 The Best of Final Fantasy 1994–1999: A Musical Tribute, outside groups.Brezovci (pronounced [ˈbɾeːzɔu̯tsi]) is a settlement in the Municipality of Dornava in northeastern Slovenia. It lies on the edge of the Slovene Hills (Slovene: Slovenske gorice), east of Dornava. The area is part of the traditional region of Styria. It is now included with the rest of the municipality in the Drava Statistical Region.Charles A. Spencer was an American scientific pioneer and inventor, who is widely believed to have developed the first American-made achromatic objective microscope. He was born in 1813 in Madison County, NY  and died in 1881.The Faculty of Protestant Theology in Brussels (FUTP), in Brussels, Belgium, is a private university. Its official languages are French and Dutch.

South Hammond is a neighborhood in southwestern Hammond, Indiana, approximately between the Illinois state line and Columbia Avenue, south of 165th Street.  It is bounded to the east by Woodmar, to the south by the towns of Munster and Highland, to the west by Calumet City, Illinois, and to the north by Central Hammond. The Little Calumet River snakes along the neighborhood's southern boundary. The neighborhood's boundaries correspond to Hammond's Planning District IV.

With the exception of a commercial strip along Calumet Avenue, South Hammond is overwhelmingly residential.  Many of these residences are historic: South Hammond is home to the Indi-Illi Park Historic District, Roselawn–Forest Heights Historic District and Forest–Ivanhoe Residential Historic District.Burnet County ( BUR-nit) is a county located on the Edwards Plateau in the U.S. state of Texas. As of the 2020 census, its population was 49,130.  Its county seat is Burnet. The county was founded in 1852 and later organized in 1854. It is named for David Gouverneur Burnet, the first (provisional) president of the Republic of Texas. The name of the county is pronounced with the emphasis or accent on the first syllable, just as is the case with its namesake.Oliver P. Rood (1844 – June 1, 1885) was an American soldier who fought with the Union Army in the American Civil War. Rood received his country's highest award for bravery during combat, the Medal of Honor, for actions taken on July 3, 1863, during the Battle of Gettysburg.Outside cylinder can mean:

One of the dimensions of a gearwheel, see List of gear nomenclature#Outside cylinder
A steam locomotive cylinder positioned outside the frame, see Cylinder (locomotive)#Inside or outside cylindersFolk racing or folkrace (Finnish: jokamiesluokka; Swedish: folkrace; Latvian: folkreiss; Danish: folkeræs; Norwegian: bilcross) is a popular, inexpensive, and entry-level form of Nordic rallycross that originally comes from Finland, where it is also called jokkis or Jokamiehenluokka (everyman's class).Yaar Gaddar is a 1994 Indian Hindi-language action thriller film directed by Umesh Mehra, starring Mithun Chakraborty, Saif Ali Khan, Somy Ali and Prem Chopra.The Arch of Drusus is an ancient arch in Rome, Italy, close to the First Mile of the Appian Way and next to the Porta San Sebastiano. Long misidentified, it is most likely the remains of the Arch of Trajan.Asha Patera is a patera, or a complex crater with scalloped edges, on Jupiter's moon Io. It is approximately 108 kilometers in diameter and located at 8.84°S 225.69°W﻿ / -8.84; -225.69﻿ (Asha Patera). It is named after asha, the Zoroastrian principle of Truth. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 1979. Reiden Patera and Kami-Nari Patera can both be found to the west.Irek Faritovich Gimayev (Russian: Ирек Фаритович Гимаев, Bashkir: Ирек Фәрит улы Ғимаев; born September 2, 1957 in Sukkulovo, Russian SFSR, Soviet Union) is a Russian retired ice hockey defenceman.
Gimayev played in the Soviet Hockey League for Salavat Yulaev Ufa and HC CSKA Moscow.  He was inducted into the Russian and Soviet Hockey Hall of Fame in 1982 and is also an Honoured Master of Sport of the USSR. He is an ethnic Tatar.Gabriel Bacquier (French pronunciation: ​[gabʁjel bakje]; 17 May 1924 – 13 May 2020) was a French operatic baritone. One of the leading baritones of the 20th century and particularly associated with the French and Italian repertoires, he was considered a fine singing actor equally at home in dramatic or comic roles and gave regular song recitals. He was a long-term member of the Opéra-Comique and the Paris Opera, but forged a long career internationally at leading opera houses in Europe and the U.S. His large discography spans five decades, and he was considered as “the ambassador of French song”.Pi Delta Phi (ΠΔΦ) is the National French Honor Society—La Société d'Honneur de Français—for undergraduate and graduate students at accredited public and private colleges and universities in the United States.
Founded as a departmental honor society for French at the University of California, Berkeley in 1906, Pi Delta Phi is the oldest collegiate academic honor society for a modern foreign language in the United States. After many years as a local chapter, Pi Delta Phi reorganized and declared itself the National French Honor Society in 1920, and later chartered the Beta chapter at the University of Southern California in 1925, and the Gamma chapter at the University of California, Los Angeles, in 1926.
The society expanded slowly during the next fifteen years but enjoyed renewed interest after World War II. In 1949 the American Association of Teachers of French (AATF) endorsed the Society officially as the only collegiate French honor society in the United States. The society was admitted to membership in the Association of College Honor Societies in 1967. It currently numbers more than 406 chapters established at representative public and private colleges and universities in almost every state, as well as chapters in Paris and Aix-en-Provence. Pi Delta Phi and ΠΔΦ are trademarks registered with the United States Patent and Trademark Office.

Josiah Hooper (April 14, 1807 – April 24, 1878) was an English-born merchant, shipbuilder and political figure in Nova Scotia, Canada. He represented Richmond County from 1867 to 1871 in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly.
He was born in Bristol. Hooper married Elizabeth Hart. He was a justice of the peace. He lived in Arichat, Nova Scotia. Hooper died in Halifax at the age of 71.RKS Radomsko is an association football club based in the city of Radomsko, in the south of Poland. Their home stadium is Stadion RKS. Currently, they compete in the IV liga group Łódź.Cliff Bergere (December 6, 1896 Toledo, Ohio – June 18, 1980 Dade City, Florida) was an American stuntman and racecar driver.
Bergere did stunt driving for movies, including the 1923 film The Eagle's Talons, before embarking on a racing career. From 1927 to 1947, he started the Indianapolis 500 sixteen times, missing only the 1930 race. He started the race from the front row three times and won the pole in 1946. At age 49, he was the oldest pole winner ever. He finished third in 1932 and 1939 and completed the 1941 race without making a pit stop, finishing fifth.
Bergere had the distinction of the most starts in Indy 500 history at the time of his career (16), a record he held until 1974.Satyanarayana may refer to the Hindu god Vishnu. For the special worship offered to him see Satyanarayana Puja. Satyanarayana is a popular given name among Telugu people.

For other people with same names, see following:

Aacharya Satyanarayana (born 1947), founder of Meera Charitable Trust in Jaipur, India
Aarani Satyanarayana (1898–1969), Telugu film and stage actor
Akula Satyanarayana, Indian politician from Andhra Pradesh, India
Allu Venkata Satyanarayana (born 1940), Indian politician
Amarapu Satyanarayana (1937–2011), Indian actor and singer
Bendapudi Venkata Satyanarayana (1927–2005), dermatologist from Andhra Pradesh, India
Botsa Satyanarayana (born 1958), Indian politician from Andhra Pradesh, India
Chitturi Satyanarayana (1913–2012), Indian surgeon
Dronamraju Satyanarayana (1933–2006), Indian politician
Dusharla Satyanarayana, an Indian water rights activist and founder of Jala Sadhana Samithi (JSS)
E. V. V. Satyanarayana (1956–2011), Telugu film director
Garapaty Satyanarayana (1911–2002), Indian politician
Garimella Satyanarayana (1893–1952), Telugu poet and Indian independence activist
J. Satyanarayana (born 1954), retired 1977 batch IAS officer of Andhra Pradesh cadre
K. V. Satyanarayana, Indian dancer
Kaikala Satyanarayana (born 1935), Telugu actor
Koccharlakota Satyanarayana (1915–1969), Telugu film and stage actor
Koratala Satyanarayana (1923–2006), Indian politician
Moturi Satyanarayana (1902–1995), Hindi activist and Indian Freedom fighter
Nookala Chinna Satyanarayana (1923–2013), Indian singer
Peela Govinda Satyanarayana, an Indian politician from the Telugu Desam Party
Reddi Satyanarayana, Indian politician
Sarve Satyanarayana (born 1954), Indian politician
Satyanarayana Dasa (born 1954), Indian Gaudiya Vaisnava scholar
Satyanarayana Nadella
Satyanarayana Rajguru (1903–1997), Indian epigraphist and historian
Somarapu Satyanarayana (born 1948), Indian politician
Tangi Satyanarayana (1931–2009), Indian politician
Urmila Satyanarayana, Indian dancer
Vempatapu Satyanarayana (died 1970), teacher and leader of a peasant uprising in India
Venigalla Satyanarayana (died 1918), Indian politician
Viswanatha Satyanarayana (1895–1976), Telugu poetIn enzymology, a 3-hydroxypropionate dehydrogenase (EC 1.1.1.59) is an enzyme that catalyzes the chemical reaction

3-hydroxypropanoate + NAD+ 
  
    
      
        ⇌
      
    
    {\displaystyle \rightleftharpoons }
   3-oxopropanoate + NADH + H+Thus, the two substrates of this enzyme are 3-hydroxypropanoate and NAD+, whereas its 3 products are 3-oxopropanoate, NADH, and H+.
This enzyme belongs to the family of oxidoreductases, specifically those acting on the CH-OH group of donor with NAD+ or NADP+ as acceptor. The systematic name of this enzyme class is 3-hydroxypropanoate:NAD+ oxidoreductase. This enzyme participates in beta-alanine metabolism and propanoate metabolism.Cell Park (previously known as Markyate Cell) is a country house in Markyate, Hertfordshire  near Luton, England. The house dates from the 16th century, has been modified at various times since then and was largely rebuilt in 1908 after a fire. It stands in 79 acres of land and is a Grade II* listed building. The hall is a rectangular brick-built structure with corner turrets, linked by an arcade to service buildings forming a quadrangle. The house was originally built c. 1539 for Humphrey Bouchier on land previously belonging to the suppressed Markyate Priory. The house was subsequently extended and remodelled in the 17th century for the Ferrers and the Coppin families. It was remodelled again in 1825 to create the present layout by Robert Lugar for Daniel Goodson Adey. Sir John de Fontblaque Pennefather made further changes in the early 20th century, moving the entrance and creating a ballroom from the arcade. It was on sale in 2014 for £4.5m, and as of 2023 is on sale again for £5.7m.
The hall is known for being the home of Lady Katherine Ferrers, reputedly the "Wicked Lady", a 17th-century highwaywoman who operated in Hertfordshire and was eventually shot. The hall had a secret staircase hidden behind the fireplace, and Lady Katherine would allegedly dress in men’s clothes and exit via the staircase to escape into the night.Urozhaynoye (Russian: Урожайное) is a rural locality (a selo) in Dalnevostochny Selsoviet of Romnensky District, Amur Oblast, Russia. The population was 4 as of 2018. There are  2 streets.Yunan County (postal: Watnam; simplified Chinese: 郁南县; traditional Chinese: 鬱南縣; pinyin: Yùnán Xiàn) is a county in the west of Guangdong Province, China, bordering Guangxi to the west. It is under the administration of the prefecture-level city of Yunfu. As of 2020, Yunan County has a population of 532,679.John Holmes Dingle (24 November 1908–15 September 1973) was an American physician and medical professor.Donald Edgar Tewes (August 4, 1916 – August 29, 2012) was an American businessman and a Republican member of the United States House of Representatives for Wisconsin. He represented Wisconsin's 2nd congressional district in the 85th United States Congress from January 3, 1957 to January 3, 1959.The eleventh series of the children's television series Hi-5 aired between 31 August 2009 and 30 October 2009 on the Nine Network in Australia. The series was produced by Southern Star and Nine with Noel Price as executive producer. 
This was the first series to be produced by Southern Star, taking over from Kids Like Us. It was also the first series to feature Lauren Brant, Casey Burgess, Fely Irvine and Tim Maddren, and the first series that did not feature any original cast members. The new line-up was known as a "new generation" of Hi-5.Abdulla agha Bakikhanov was a Azerbaijani military person, major general of the Imperial Russian Army, brother (by father) of the famous Azerbaijani writer and educator Abbasgulu Bakikhanov.Pterolophia baiensis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Maurice Pic in 1926.In the event of catastrophic failure, the Soyuz spacecraft has a series of automated and semi-automated abort modes (Rus. Система аварийного спасения (САС)) (literally - System for Emergency Rescue (SER)) to rescue the crew. The abort systems have been refined since the first piloted flights and all abort scenarios for the Soyuz MS are expected to be survivable for the crew.A data model is an abstract model that organizes elements of data and standardizes how they relate to one another and to the properties of real-world entities. For instance, a data model may specify that the data element representing a car be composed of a number of other elements which, in turn, represent the color and size of the car and define its owner.
The term data model can refer to two distinct but closely related concepts. Sometimes it refers to an abstract formalization of the objects and relationships found in a particular application domain: for example the customers, products, and orders found in a manufacturing organization. At other times it refers to the set of concepts used in defining such formalizations: for example concepts such as entities, attributes, relations, or tables. So the "data model" of a banking application may be defined using the entity–relationship "data model". This article uses the term in both senses.

A data model explicitly determines the structure of data. Data models are typically specified by a data specialist, data librarian, or a digital humanities scholar in a data modeling notation. These notations are often represented in graphical form.A data model can sometimes be referred to as a data structure, especially in the context of programming languages. Data models are often complemented by function models, especially in the context of enterprise models.

Jack Phillips may refer to:

Jack Phillips (wireless officer) (1887–1912), senior wireless operator on the RMS Titanic
Jack Phillips (first baseman) (1921–2009), Major League Baseball first baseman
Jack Phillips (pitcher) (1919–1958), Major League Baseball pitcher
Jack Phillips (footballer, born 1903), Welsh footballer
Jack Phillips (footballer, born 1993), English footballer
Jack Phillips, party in Masterpiece Cakeshop v. Colorado Civil Rights CommissionJosé Carlos de Brito e Cunha, known as J. Carlos, (July 18, 1884 — October 2, 1950) was a Brazilian cartoonist, illustrator and graphic designer. J. Carlos also did sculpture, wrote vaudeville plays, wrote lyrics for samba and was a major talent in Brazilian Art Deco graphic design.The OVO Athletic Centre, formerly the BioSteel Centre and the Toronto Raptors Training Centre, is a basketball practice facility in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.  Opened on February 10, 2016, the facility is home to the Toronto Raptors of the National Basketball Association (NBA), and owned by the team's owner, Maple Leaf Sports & Entertainment (MLSE). It is located on leased public land in Exhibition Place, near Dufferin Street and the Gardiner Expressway, west of downtown. It is named for October's Very Own, the Canadian lifestyle brand founded by Aubrey "Drake" Graham, Oliver El-Khatib, and Noah "40" Shebib.Jane Johnson Endsley (1848–1933) was a successful Dallas businesswomen and community leader. A former slave, Endsley eventually ran one of the city's largest railroad-yard coal and log businesses.The 1939 South African Grand Prix was a voiturette race held at the Prince George Circuit on 2 January 1939.Banei is a village and gram panchayat in Salarpur block, Budaun district, Uttar Pradesh, India. Its village code is 128241. According to 2011 Census of India, the total population of the village is 4,286, out of 2,233 are males and 2,053 are females.Harora Must. is a village in Puwarka Tehsil of Saharanpur district in Indian state of Uttar Pradesh. It is about 583 kilometers from the state capital Lucknow and 193 kilometers from the national capital Delhi.Hell's Kitchen, Manhattan is a neighborhood in New York City.
Hell's Kitchen may also refer to:Luann Ridgeway  is an attorney who served in several elected government offices . A Republican, she served as a member of the Missouri House of Representatives elected in 1992 and serving through 2002 and Missouri Senate elected in 2004 and serving through 2012.  Ridgeway served as the Eastern District Commissioner of Clay County, Missouri, elected 2012 through 2020.  She announced she would not run for reelection in 2020 and returned to private life in 2021.ISO 8601 is an international standard covering the worldwide exchange and communication of date and time-related data. It is maintained by the Geneva-based International Organization for Standardization (ISO) and was first published in 1988, with updates in 1991, 2000, 2004, and 2019, and an amendment in 2022. The standard provides a well-defined, unambiguous method of representing calendar dates and times in worldwide communications, especially to avoid misinterpreting numeric dates and times when such data is transferred between countries with different conventions for writing numeric dates and times.
ISO 8601 applies to these representations and formats: dates, in the Gregorian calendar (including the proleptic Gregorian calendar); times, based on the 24-hour timekeeping system, with optional UTC offset; time intervals; and combinations thereof. The standard does not assign specific meaning to any element of the dates/times represented: the meaning of any element depends on the context of its use. Dates and times represented cannot use words that do not have a specified numerical meaning within the standard (thus excluding names of years in the Chinese calendar), or that do not use computer characters (excludes images or sounds).In representations that adhere to the ISO 8601 interchange standard, dates and times are arranged such that the greatest temporal term (typically a year) is placed at the left and each successively lesser term is placed to the right of the previous term. Representations must be written in a combination of Arabic numerals and the specific computer characters (such as "-", ":", "T", "W", "Z") that are assigned specific meanings within the standard; that is, such commonplace descriptors of dates (or parts of dates) as "January", "Thursday", or "New Year's Day" are not allowed in interchange representations within the standard.Johan Somaroe (Jan) Kolhoe (c. 1918–2003/04) was a member of the Estates of Suriname in the 1950s and 1960s.
Kolhoe attended the Paulus school and then embarked on a career in education. From 1941 to 1950 he was a teacher in Curaçao and after that he was a school principal in the district of Nickerie. At the 1955 Surinamese general election he was a shadow candidate for the VHP and three years later the two seats in the Estates of Suriname for the Nickerie district went to the NOP members Poetoe and Kolhoe. At the 1963 elections, he unsuccessfully ran for Action Front in the Saramacca district and in 1973 the same happened when he was an NPS candidate at that district. Kolhoe would become chief inspector of education after which he retired. In 1974, Kolhoe was made knight in the Order of Orange Nassau.Kolhoe died in 2003 or 2004.

Bramante Staircase is the name given to two staircases in the Vatican Museums in the Vatican City State: the original stair, built in 1505, and a modern equivalent from 1932.Claire Brookin is an English professional darts player who played in British Darts Organisation (BDO) events.Trials and allegations involving Silvio Berlusconi have been extensive and include abuse of office, bribery and corruption of police officers, judges and politicians, collusion, defamation,  embezzlement, extortion, false accounting, mafia, money laundering, perjury, tax fraud, underage prostitution influence and witness tampering.The Electoral Commission (An Coimisiún Toghcháin) is an election commission with responsibility for the oversight of all elections in Ireland, including electoral operations, constituency reviews and electoral integrity. It was established in 2023. Prior to its establishment, some of these functions had been carried out by various government departments, statutory agencies and components of the Oireachtas, while other functions are novel to the Commission.
A proposal on an electoral commission was first considered in a government report commissioned in 2008, and was developed by a series of governments since then, before the publication of heads of bill in 2021.1913 European Championship may refer to

1913 European Bandy Championships
Ice Hockey European Championship 1913Byzantium Secundus is a supplement published by Holistic Design in 1996 for the science fiction space opera role-playing game Fading Suns.Vítězslav Bílek (born July 31, 1983) is a Czech professional ice hockey forward. He played with Rytíři Kladno in the Czech Extraliga during the 2010–11 Czech Extraliga season.Étienne Weill-Raynal (1887–1982) was a French historian, resistant, journalist and Socialist politician. As a scholar following World War I, he specialized in the subject of reparations. When World War II began, he was dismissed from his teaching position and sent to the Drancy internment camp because he was Jewish. He escaped from the internment camp, and joined the National Council of the French Resistance. After the war, he wrote articles in socialist newspapers and served as a member of the National Assembly from 1950 to 1951, representing Oise.